1	“18 months ago, we expelled a boy at Nations for selling drugs in six schools.
2	” 41 Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) staff and 17 World Health Organisation (WHO) staff are deployed at the moment to support the Kano response.
3	⏰8.00pm ⚽️Liverpool v Arsenal Watch the match live at The Arch on six screens with surround sound commentary!
4	A 13-year veteran of the department, he worked his way up the ranks of the department starting as an ambulance paramedic at Station 49, then going to the SFFD Academy and graduating as a paramedic and firefighter.
5	A 1975 class ring from Robert E. Lee High School in Houston was found near the bones.
6	A 2014 resurgence in Polio when there were 359 reported cases of wild poliomyelitis, spread over 12 countries including Pakistan.
7	“A 30% correction sounds scary right, but the Dow, S&P 500 and the Nasdaq rallied to nearly 30% in just one year last year.
8	A 33-year-old Bothwell man was arrested and charged with public mischief.
9	A 58-year-old barrister who served in the Home Office and the attorney general’s office, Mr. Jones rose to become the government’s senior lawyer, rendering judgment on the legality of new legislation.
10	A 911 call was made by a Wendy’s employee after Brooks fell asleep behind the wheel while in the drive-thru line.
11	Aaron and Marie are sharing a bed.
12	Aaron, as a Black man and candidate in a local election in Humboldt County, has had to discover ways to manage his own stress and anxiety.
13	Aaron has been a valuable member of Alexandria since before he recruited members of Rick's group to the Safe Zone.
14	Aave (AAVE) traded 5.4% lower against the dollar and now trades at $34.47 or 0.00250836 BTC.
15	Abandoning a healthy and highly productive scientific collaboration at such a juncture was not a very sound move.
16	Abang Johari said it was imperative for the state to restore the status of Sabah and Sarawak as regional partners after the departure of Singapore in 1965 from the Federation of Malaysia.
17	ABC's "Modern Family" ends its 11-season run with a two-hour finale on Wednesday.
18	A Beer Store spokesperson couldn’t be reached for comment at press time.
19	Abela had attempted to justify the move as necessary at the time as a way of controlling coronavirus infections in the country.
20	Abelson wasn't able to help everyone.
21	Aberdeenshire Council said they first considered the removal of the town centre restrictions in September but did not go ahead with this after coronavirus infections began to rise.
22	A Black man was shot and killed by County sheriff’s deputies after he was stopped for a traffic violation while riding a bike, then ran from police, punched one officer and then “made a motion” toward a gun on the ground, authorities said.
23	A Black passenger says he asked a flight attendant if he could change seats if any were open.
24	A booby-trapped tanker truck exploded in the Syrian city of Afrin, killing or injuring dozens of civilians (Tuesday, April 28, 2020).
25	About $1.07billion is required to construct Section V of the East-West Road, Oron in Akwa Ibom state to Calabar, Cross River State.
26	About 46,000 people were paid a total of 20 million pounds — the equivalent of 40 percent of all annual government spending at the time — after the freeing of slaves in British colonies in the Caribbean, Mauritius and southern Africa.
27	About 7,000 have been quarantined in the central Punjab city Lahore, while in southern Sindh province up to 8,000 Tablighis have been quarantined, government officials said.
28	About a half of them I wrote within a week, and I think that helps to make it feel like it was all the same thing.
29	“About to end a decade long relationship with,” wrote another.
30	About two weeks later, Alden entered the Avidia Savings Bank on Maple Street in Marlborough and told the tellers, “Give me all your money so no one gets hurt.
31	ABOVE PHOTO: A boy stands in front of two paintings of Chadwick Boseman during the opening of an art exhibit honoring the actor in his hometown of Anderson, S.C. on Thursday, Oct. 22, 2020.
32	Absence may be making the heart grow fonder.
33	ABS head of household surveys Michelle Marquardt said the majority of funds were either used to pay household bills, put into savings or spent on food consumption.
34	A building along with three vehicles were shot at.
35	A ‘call-in’ enables councillors to ask for a decision the cabinet has taken to be looked at again.
36	A calls Patty's presence in the trailer a "minstrel show."
37	A candidate using populist slogans that plays to people’s fears (Jews are dangerous, for example), people not convinced that he can actually win and think the voters can see through his lies, and so on.
38	A candid insight from Greg Dyke into his managerial style while he was director-general of the BBC.
39	A car carrying Atambayev, who participated at the bloc's rally, was hit with "live ammunition" according to his spokeswoman Joldubayeva, who was also at the rally.
40	A car with the message "CCP is the real source of the virus" in Chinese and English driving through Melbourne during an End CCP car rally on Dec. 20, 2020.
41	Accessing employment was difficult for many trans people in non-pandemic times and the economic slowdown has had a severe impact on many in the community, added Peek.
42	Accies capitalised on their dominance to double their advantage in the 27th minute.
43	Accompanied by a music video, it is the perfect homage to the state's beautiful winters.
44	Accordingly, I am, once again, calling upon the current government to start a conversation on crime and the penal system, as part of an effort to develop a credible crime fighting strategy.
45	Accordingly, we have instructed our lawyers to formally request the judge to have the next hearing in open court and have this settled before the date of hearing so that everyone who wants to attend can attend and hear the legal arguments.
46	According to a BYU spokesman, Clay hasn't been employed at the university since mid-April, Daily Mail reported.
47	According to a flier posted to Facebook a march will go on the sidewalk from Main Street to Milwaukee Street, to Division Street, down Second Street and back to 10 Club Park.
48	According to Amanke, Gov. Ben Ayade carefully selected members of the board for the job of promoting secondary education.
49	According to a release from the Jefferson County Coroner’s Office, the accident occurred in the early-morning hours of Friday, Nov. 27, as William Wayne Lynn drove his Jeep Wrangler into Coleman Lake in McCalla.
50	According to a release from the service, officers were called to a business in the 1100 block of Angus just after 10 p.m. following reports of a woman outside the business who appeared to be intoxicated and causing a disturbance.
51	According to a report from the Los Alamos Lab, it was decided “extensive inquiry into such details would indicate the concern of the program…with the possibility of milk contamination and alarm an already worried community.”
52	According to Arya, nearly 500 beds are available across the district in tertiary healthcare settings and a CRPF hospital.
53	According to Burna, the same people who wish him well to his face secretly want him to fail.
54	According to documents in the author’s possession, during 2017 Uztex negotiated an order for US$84 million in textile machinery from Rieter.
55	According to 'Entertainment Weekly,' Jenkins has signed on to direct a follow-up to Jon Favreau's 2019 film.
56	According to former state epidemiologist Michael Osterholm, whom Walz has advertised among his brain trust, the virus will infect some 70 percent of Minnesotans.
57	According to Giuffre’s recollection, all of the instances with Prince Andrew occurred while she was a teenager.
58	According to global statistics, the online gambling industry is expected to grow from $58.9 billion in 2019 to $66.7 billion in 2020.
59	According to he disabled the alarm system and began unpacking his bags and charging his phone before being caught.
60	“According to hospital management, he never worked without supervision, and was also not allowed to prescribe medication.
61	According to media reports, a minor was raped in Lakhimpur district and her nose was slit.
62	According to official data, an area the size of South Korea has now been destroyed by the bushfires.
63	According to our guidance, we expect to maintain the key ECB interest rates “at their present or lower level until the inflation outlook robustly converges to a level sufficiently close to, but below, 2% within the projection horizon.”
64	According to police, White inserted himself into a dangerous situation, but his family said he’s a political prisoner in his own state.
65	According to reports, Professor Akanbi was a lecturer at the Department of Business Law, Faculty of Law at the University of Ilorin prior to his new appointment.
66	According to Sky Sports, of the pair it is Havertz who “is the one who is most keen to move as soon as possible”.
67	According to sources, the couple was in contact with the ISIS unit from Afghanistan's Khorasan province and they were allegedly planning to carry out a suicide attack in Delhi.
68	According to the arrest report, Eason committed assault “with a deadly weapon, a Springfield handgun, by hitting James Spivey in the back of the neck and on his back with the handgun.”
69	According to the Board of Cosmetology, they are working together to connect business owners with assistance.
70	According to the casting call, Ryan Wilder is a female in her mid-late 20s and the complete opposite of Kate Kane.
71	According to the CIO, HHS Protect coordinates data from 6,200 hospitals across the United States, including numbers of ventilators, hospital beds, ER admittance, and discharge, lab test data across the U.S., warehouse implications, and nursing home data.
72	According to the Cross Bore Safety Association, this is not an uncommon condition and, although statistics vary, some estimates suggest that it occurs at an average rate of 0.4 cross-bores per mile of sewer line.
73	According to the DeKalb County Police, she sent text messages to the father threatening to kill the child and said she already had.
74	According to the email from Teague, many students and passersby agree that the cleanup was unnecessary.
75	According to the International Meteor Organisation, the showers that are currently active are the Southern Taurids, the Northern Taurids and the Leonids.
76	According to the labourer, the bandits escaped with $70,000 in cash, a Seiko wrist watch valued at $60,000, two pairs of gold earrings and a quantity of artificial jewellery.
77	According to the MTN Rules and Regulations, a game will not continue if there are over five cases.
78	According to the organization, the Hockey Nova Scotia Award of Merit is presented to an individual who has served hockey faithfully and made a significant contribution to the game.
79	According to the President of the Eniong Abatim Association, since the woman has merited the position of Chief Judge as part of her career, she should not be denied since there is nothing incriminating against her.
80	According to the professors, biomimicry is the intersection of biology and engineering.
81	According to the release, the test was administered by a nurse and results will be sent within three to five days.
82	According to the report, doctors, “other professionals” and their accompanying family members were sent back to North Korea between Nov. 2019 and Feb. 2020 after Angola “renounced the bilateral cooperation agreement in the field of health with the DPRK.”
83	According to the reports, she was said to have called it quit as a nun two months ago before going on to release her pre-wedding photos.
84	According to the statement, Governor Abiodun, However, was able to convince officials of the Bank that he would see to the judicious application of the fund with the developmental programmes, already earmarked for execution in various parts of the State.
85	According to the statement, Muri was a recipient of many commendations for excellent performance, the latest of which was the DIG’s Commendation for Devotion and Adherence to Constitutional Duty and Core Values of the Nigeria Police Force in 2015.
86	According to the study: “There is a preference for lifestyle modification to achieve weight loss”.
87	According to the top court, shortfalls in the party's accounting in 2014 and 2015 did not allow to establish the origin of the money taken from the party's cash box to a bank and paid into the party's bank account.
88	According to WCPO, six male students were cited during the bust.
89	AC/DC: ‘We’ve never had anything but great times in Ireland’
90	A certificate of deposit is a deposit you make with a bank that includes the promise that you won’t withdraw the money for a set period of time.
91	A cheaper Xbox might sway some PlayStation fans.
92	A Chinese corporation promised to replace thousands of faulty Coronavirus test kits.
93	A class ring found at the side of an Oklahoma road was returned to its owner -- a New Mexico woman who hadn't seen the ring in more than 35 years.
94	A clinic in Cameroon’s capital provides rare trauma therapy for those affected.
95	Acne is one of the most common skin conditions, affecting more than 9% of the population.
96	A coalition of civil society organizations has called for the immediate resignation of the Deputy Senate President, Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege for concealing his conviction by the State Bar Court of California, from INEC and the Nigerian Senate.
97	A collection that began in childhood is now the focus of a new exhibit at the Bryant Museum on the campus of The University of Alabama.
98	A company statement indicated locations west of Toronto would reopen as soon as Stage 3 rules take effect in the region.
99	A concealed-carry license holder who knows the woman fired shots at them, but no one was injured.
100	A cop confirmed the scam.
101	Acosta said he doesn’t vote in the presidential election so as to keep himself a “news monk.”
102	A couple accused of murdering their adopted son in India for his life insurance payout cannot be extradited because it would breach their human rights, British judges ruled yesterday.
103	A couple of specific soundbites had me marking out.
104	A couple people noted classes take at least six months and certification requirements keep getting tougher.
105	"A crisis is a moment when the nation needs you."
106	Across the border in Virginia, Carroll County has 245 confirmed cases with 9 deaths, Galax has 287 with 16 deaths, Grayson County has 91 cases and 4 deaths, while Patrick County has 48 cases and 1 death.
107	“Across the U.S. more than 43,000 companies employing 2 million Americans, export products to Canada and Mexico,” Kent said.
108	Acting on PPMC’s advise, Chairman of IPMAN Kano, Bauchi, Jigawa and Katsina States, Bashir Dan-Mallam, ordered for an upward review of petrol price.
109	Activate your account by confirming your email address.
110	Actress and political activist Eva Longoria won praise for her hosting abilities on the first night of the Democratic National Convention last night.
111	Actress Sonam Kapoor's sister and producer of "Veere Di Wedding Rhea Kapoor commented: "Texture bro."
112	Adams immediately motioned to be replaced and angrily threw his helmet to the ground.
113	Adams-Kaonohi, who set a career-high with 55 assists against TCU, was also vocal on the team’s mental progression throughout the match.
114	Adams said she was looking forward to a visit by a Department of Health to screen residents in the area on Tuesday.
115	Adapted by Mamet from his own stage play, is a dramatic two-hander starring William H. Macy and Debra Eisenstadt as a professor and student grappling over their opaque sexual relationship.
116	Adaptive cruise control and GM's safety alert seat will be available on upper trims.
117	Add a little lap steel and piano to taste.
118	Added GSA partner Michael Gorfaine, “She had all this talent as a representative and, as a colleague, she was detail-oriented and homework-driven — and had all that wrapped around a core of loving music, decency and integrity.
119	Add flour and stir; allow to cook for 1 to 2 minutes.
120	Add in the human element with misunderstandings, mistakes, and sometimes conflict with nowhere else to go.
121	Addis Ababa — The Chinese prominent Steel industry, firm, Chongqing Iron and Steel Design Institute (CISDI Group Co., Ltd.), expressed interest to look into the possibility of investment in Ethiopia on Iron and Steel sector.
122	Additional flavors will be developed.
123	Additional information regarding these risks can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019.
124	Additionally, an urbanistic redesign of the green areas regarding new buildings can maintain an equilibrium between nature and city elements.
125	Additionally, a silt fence was taken out.
126	Additionally, more lawsuits mean more liability insurance payouts, which increase premiums and increase the cost of health care for all Coloradans.
127	Additionally, more than 40,000 households are said to have been visited by community health workers and more than 273,000 people have been provided health and safety information.
128	Additionally, the duration of infectiousness in most people with COVID-19 is no longer than 10 days after symptoms begin and no longer than 20 days in people with severe illness or those who are severely immunocompromised.”
129	Additionally, Whitten said, the county can expect reduced local income tax funds because residents who aren’t working won’t be paying as much in taxes.
130	Additional proportionate border measures are in place in Australia, with biosecurity and border security staff processing passengers from three direct flights a week from Wuhan to Sydney.
131	Additional reporting by Noel Randewich.
132	Additional testing of plant workers and temperature scans as employees enter the facilities will likely become key in screening workers for symptoms moving forward, he said.
133	Addressing a meeting to review the novel coronavirus situation in the state, Gehlot said, “A standard operating procedure (SOP) has been released to facilitate inter-state and inter district movement as per the directions of Government of India.
134	”A debate rages in Europe today On the role of multicultural policies in stimulating religiously motivated extremism, Islamism in particular.
135	Adefisoye, the only member of SDP, one of the opposition parties in the House of Representatives, quit the party.
136	A Denver Police officer is taunted by a man during a protest outside the State Capitol over the death of George Floyd, Saturday, May 30, 2020, in Denver.
137	A direct link to the article seems to have been moved from TSR’s site for reasons unknown to us.
138	Adjusted SG&A for the quarter was $148 million compared to $218 million in the prior year, a decrease of $70 million, a little over half of these savings we will consider one-time.
139	Administrators have also recommended an increase in student fees and housing rates.
140	Adnoc signs $5.5b real estate deal with Apollo-.
141	“A doctor’s world is not so simple; you cannot take a leave because of your personal problems, especially in India, where the number of doctors is anyway restricted,” she remarked.
142	A donation of £1,000 has been given to Oban High School toward making visors for front line workers and another £1,000 has gone to Benderloch-based Owen Sails for materials it needs to keep making scrubs and gowns for medical staff.
143	A doubling of U.S. aquaculture production could create an additional 50,000 direct and indirect jobs, including in coastal states, like Maine, where jobs are often limited and seasonally dependent, to provide year-round employment for fishing communities.
144	A drug-fuelled hoon who spun his stolen car out-of-control in a fatal crash in Cranbourne, killing two of his friends, has been jailed.
145	Advancement quilters and also embroiderers will absolutely fall for the Bernina 530 sewing maker.
146	Advances in medical science over the several last decades have emphasized the importance of sleep in terms of professional athlete’s ability to recover quicker.
147	A DVD recording of ISA’s Armistice Day Recital is being specially produced for local veterans.
148	Adventurous Stills out of Tempe is crafting spirits that go beyond the age-old macro distilleries.
149	Aerial shots showed hundreds of activists marching to the building flanked by police cars along the side of the road.
150	A fan added: “That’s arguably the most Jedi thing any character has ever done in any of these movies ever, and probably the truest realization of Yoda’s teachings we’ve ever seen.”
151	A federal judge in Indiana has halted the first federal execution planned in 17 years, citing concerns over the by the victims’ family.
152	A few officials did not know about the streets of the locality.
153	A few other remedies may help you fight pimples naturally, including applying apple cider vinegar to the skin, limiting your dairy intake, and reducing stress levels.
154	A few weeks later, I started getting panic attacks every time I saw him, and I knew something wasn’t right.”
155	Affinity players, in the early game, should always pay two life for the Phyrexian black mana cost.
156	Affixed to the document were the signatures of 26 top leaders in the House as well as leaders of major blocs and parties.
157	Affleck takes to the role of a hot-tempered coach like a duck to water, and the character, as written, plays on his innate qualities: a dry and snarky wit that makes him a lovable jerk, but a jerk nonetheless.
158	A fire was reported at 2:25 a.m. yesterday at Northern Metal's plant at 12432 Energy Drive in Becker.
159	A first type of conventional DCs continuously scan the body for dangerous invaders, even when there is no infection.
160	A fisherman shows off his catch from Laguna de Bay as he and other fishers dock at the Binangonan port in Rizal where a boat en route to Talim Island takes people and cargo on board.
161	A flyby of Venus on the day after Christmas will sap some of its energy and let it spiral closer toward the sun.
162	A fourth-grader in Roswell, New Mexico, has been walking to his shuttered elementary school to do his classwork over the building’s WiFi because he didn’t have internet access at home.
163	A free 3-D printable paper chess set template from designed by Gary French is the best option for most people.
164	African Development Bank has launched the world’s biggest social bond to date (called Fight COVID-19) by selling $3 billion of notes.
165	A friend who organized a musical festival in New York City asked Deerhoof to participate.
166	After ABC ended its coverage, the network's White House correspondent, Jonathan Karl, also said there was no evidence of illegal votes.
167	After a first film that self-consciously (and successfully) replicated wears deconstruction on its sleeve and spouts it in every line of dialogue.
168	After a game, Caolan comes running on the pitch and gives you a big hug, things like that are definitely a motivating factor to keep playing.
169	After all, everything is cyclical and few things are really new.
170	After all, we have a system that's largely built on selfreporting.
171	After all, you do not want to be stranded on the road with the rains coming down on you.
172	After an attack and counterattack that together cost both sides more than 4,000 casualties, the Japanese withdrew.
173	After a report yesterday claimed the launch to be on 15 April, the latest one suggests that it might go official today!
174	After arriving in New Zealand they bought a car and a caravan and started making their way south across the country.
175	After a season in Houston, Pippen went to the Portland Trailblazers, where he had the highest-paying years of his career.
176	"After Buzzie's death (2008), his family was going through his personal items.
177	After co-host Jesse Watters took his turn criticizing lawmakers, jumped in to apologize for his on-air language.
178	After discussion with our cyber expert, we raided the consultancy firm and found 31 fake marksheets of senior secondary school certificates as well as marksheets of different courses which are being run at Sardar Patel University in Anand.
179	After Duke’s biggest names and scorers (Zion Williamson, Cam Reddish and R.J. Barrett) left for the draft last season, it gave Jones more of an opportunity to show what he had on that side of the floor.
180	After getting a satisfactory verdict from the Supreme Court on Ram temple in Ayodhya, the Vishwa Hindu Parishad its focus on Gyanvapi mosque and Krishna temple in Mathura.
181	After hearing of the situation in Manchester, she added: “Exactly what we said should not happen is happening.
182	After he recovered he was sent back to a shelter downtown, then to the Washington Jefferson Hotel in Hell’s Kitchen, and finally to the Lucerne in July.
183	After his death, in 1907, the tannery was sold and resold until finally closing in the early 1980’s.
184	After Holland came across the deepfake video, he shared it with Downey, who was also impressed with how the sequence turned out.
185	After its investigation, the Directorate General of Anti Profiteering (DGAP) stated that the base prices of 1,383 goods had been increased by respondent companies after the rate of tax was reduced on them and, hence, the law was violated.
186	After its launch in late 2014, JAXA's Hayabusa2 spacecraft spent 3 1/2 years getting into position by orbiting the sun.
187	After leaving the Packing District, I knew that I wanted to share that love with those in need.
188	After losing to Taylor Venz earlier this year, Brooks didn't play around tonight, pinning the Husker to secure his spot in tomorrow's final!
189	After Mia Kratzer and junior Kadynne Smith missed wide, Julia Kratzer had a shot blocked and a rebound shot from junior Olivia Bradford missed just wide.
190	After National Service with the Royal Air Force, during which his talent as a performer was acknowledged by his commanding officers, he entered the entertainment industry.
191	After Noel Acciari mixed it up with Benning, the Panthers’ Josh Brown and Larsson dropped the gloves at centre ice.
192	After owning a few homes that weren’t quite right, he had been intent on building a house that reflected his personal experiences and desires.
193	After proving she could make bank, followed by months of speculation, we learned that there is definitely a sequel in the works and that it’s due to hit theaters in 2022.
194	After receiving over 650 applications, Milner and Mullins were selected as one of three finalists to interview with the Belhurst team.
195	After restoring its commercial passenger flights less than a week ago, LIAT is now announcing a suspension of services to two of the previously announced destinations.
196	After Saturday night's gamein which the Renegades were rolled by the Thunder for just 80, the pressure was on for Melbourne's experienced opening batsmen Shaun Marsh and Aaron Finch to create a solid foundation.
197	After setting records last week for hospitalizations and daily deaths, North Dakota has seen a decline this week in active cases, hospitalizations, and positive test rates.
198	After several members of the same family tested positive, the district administration’s main task was to trace all the people the family had come in contact with, said District Collector Abhijeet Chaudhary.
199	After she was caught, Stephanie had to explain that she wanted to be treated as an individual, rather than a shadow of DJ.
200	After sitting out in the past, whether due to disenfranchisement or disinterest in nontribal politics, the stakes have been raised in this election.
201	After South Dakota saw its highest single-day increase in coronavirus cases since the start of the pandemic on Saturday with 251 cases, Sunday’s report showed a steep drop.
202	After speaking with "CBS This Morning," Kloots received an update on Cordero's condition.
203	After spending about a week in Knoxville I got word that a protest against the “lockdown” was being planned in Lansing, Michigan.
204	After starting her career in Spokane, she was asked to relocate to the small town of Snohomish.
205	After Steffy’s life spirals out of control, Thomas may need someone to lean on.
206	After that, a mail will be sent to the email address provided.
207	After that, the boys use a series of traps including a belt-based throat snare, an oil slick, projectile CDs, homemade pepper bombs, and the ultimate tool, laxatives which the Dudes happily drink after the pepper bomb.
208	After the historic stock market crash in 1929, calamity snowballed.
209	After the initial glimpse of Dwyane Wade the fully formed superstar, we go back to the beginning, when Wade was growing up in unimaginably tough circumstances in the Washington Park neighborhood on the South Side.
210	After their fellowship, they place you with an elected official, and I ended up being placed with Congressman Serrano, who's now stepping down because he has Parkinson's disease.
211	After the mum died recently, her daughter was taken to hospital after reportedly suffering mental illness.
212	After the president took to Twitter to claim the country "has done far more 'testing' than any other nation" amid the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, the comedian called him out from her hospital bed in the ER.
213	“After the storm there is opportunity,” he said.
214	Afterwards Curry suggested Zahn seek the CEO position of JEA.
215	“After you have successfully switched to a new account, contact your SIP/Insurance consultant and ask him to update the information.
216	AFTS events have hosted more than 1500 attendees, representing each of the top stakeholder segments, from 51 countries and 6 continents.
217	A full charge takes roughly 2.6 hours; as with other UE speakers, pressing both the volume buttons simultaneously makes the HYPERBOOM speak its current power level.
218	Again, he’ll of course have to quarantine here.
219	Again, it was a different course/continent, but Americans are the only winners of this event.
220	Again, we often make it seem that after that bell tower experience, Luther’s doubts left him.
221	A Gallup Poll last year found that 66 percent of Americans — and 51 percent of Republicans — think marijuana use should be legal, period.
222	Agents agreed that low interest rates for commercial properties have boosted demand in some areas.
223	Agents of the South Carolina State Law Enforcement Division () have found themselves busy investigating a recent rash of officer-involved shootings across the Palmetto State.
224	A global poll conducted in 2019 that 61% of respondents believed their current jobs would be impacted by technological changes and globalization.
225	A government grant of £82,500 will do little to ease financial woes, as there was a predicted £3 million shortfall already looming between now and 2023, even before the coronavirus crisis took hold.
226	A government spokesperson said: “We have announced a total of £3.2bn of funding for councils to support their response to the pandemic.
227	A governor is usually tasked with working out such agreements.
228	A graduate class upholds many different exercises and functions.
229	Agricultural emissions are dominated by (N₂O), mostly from fertilizers spread on fields (both synthetic and animal manures), and methane (CH₄), largely produced by ruminant livestock such as cows and sheep, and rice farming.
230	A group of 16 Senate Republicans and over 200 House members have also expressed their support for an extension of the payroll support program, but Congress has yet to reach an agreement.
231	A group of armed demonstrators gathered downtown Raleigh to stand for their first and second amendment rights.
232	A group of genes passed down from extinct human cousins is linked with a higher risk for severe COVID-19, researchers say.
233	"A high BMI increases the risk of other diseases, including other cancers, so people should consider the implications of excess body fat wherever it is found."
234	A higher number depicts the unit is more effective in cleaning the air of specific pollutants.
235	Aircraft valuations could decline if significant numbers of additional aircraft, particularly types with relatively few operators, are placed out of service.
236	“Airfreight is going to be a bright spot for carriers at least for this year because while borders are closed that doesn’t mean people aren’t buying,” said Um Kyung-a, an airline analyst at Shinyoung Securities Co. in Seoul.
237	Ajman University (AU), as part of its social responsibility and efforts to ensure the safety of community members, has launched the laser-based DPI Covid-19 Testing Center.
238	A judge signed off on that agreement in November 2013.
239	AK Usmani says that he feels fear when someone makes the animal flustered and scared, and whether or not he'll be able to communicate with it.
240	A Kyalami property was host to 80 bunnies that were in search of food.
241	A lack of support among the crossbenchers and the opposition puts Premier Daniel Andrews under pressure to compromise on the plan, with the government requiring 20 votes in the upper house to pass the legislation.
242	Alan was a member of our band for 4 years.
243	"A large amount of our agricultural workforce is Hispanic or Latino.
244	A large, central courtyard offers play equipment for children, while the Zen Garden and Adult Overlook offer space for young adults and parents to retreat.
245	A large portion of the biggest crèche in Ramaphosa, Noncedo Pre-School, was recently declared unsafe for occupation.
246	Alarmed with the official statistics, authorities in Songwe are devising strategies to capitalise on the region's closeness to the landlocked countries of Zambia and Malawi to attract both local and foreign investments and boost the region's standing.
247	A late power-play goal from Robert Morris on a second Koocher penalty ended the scoring and handed SU a resounding 5-1 loss.
248	A lawsuit Smothers filed with other former WWE performers in 2016 was eventually tossed out.
249	A lawyer who visited the station at Weslaco, Texas, on Wednesday spoke to teenagers who had been detained there for at least three days, said Carlos Holguin, co-founder of the Center for Human Rights and constitutional Law.
250	Al Dawsari is, instead, a footballing artisan who crafts vivid memories when in possession.
251	Aldridge had shoulder surgery in April.
252	A leak this week of the next major LG smartphone, probably LG G9 ThinQ seems to show the industrial designer at the company siding with simplicity.
253	“A letter sent to his last known address requesting a follow up interview was returned as no longer at this address.”
254	Alexander Hammerstone scrolled through images of pizza.
255	Alhaji Yakasai also said the eldest son of the late Emir of Kano, Ado Bayero, was the preferred candidate for the stool and was initially announced as the emir before the then incumbent governor kwankaso announced Sanusi’s name.
256	Ali Berg, a Cooperative Extension nutrition and health specialist, pointed out that "physical activity is good for maintaining immunity, in addition to adequate nutrition.
257	Alicia survived her attacker and went on to help pass Alicia’s Law which provides a dedicated stream of funding to ICAC task forces across the country.
258	Ali expressed the readiness of the legislators to be part of the monthly sanitation, saying that such would enable them have knowledge of the exercise in the state.
259	Aligning herself with Bellator opens the door to the cross-promotional opportunities that weren’t possible during her time with UFC.
260	Alima has ordered 280 concentrators to be distributed around Guinea on top of 50 that have been sent to Donka hospital in Conakry, the capital.
261	A Lincoln Journal reporter was admitted to the judge’s chambers next door and advised that he would be granted access to the plea hearing.
262	Aliquippa at Beaver, 7:30 p.m.
263	A little chocolate perhaps on the tongue, enjoy this bottle with an after dinner petit four, say with a rich chocolate bon bon, or, you can simply raid your Christmas chocolate supply.
264	All around the planet, for example, the United Kingdom many online stores are coming daily.
265	All bolstered by a knowledge and curiosity that was frankly awesome as well as inspiring.
266	All Chicago voting sites will be following all federal and state public health guidelines, Hernandez said.
267	All classes have, however, been halted since mid-October in tandem with restrictions put in place in Kuala Lumpur and surrounding areas to curb a fresh surge in coronavirus cases.
268	All during the 1997 playoffs, he called Tellem to monitor the interest of other teams.
269	“All efforts to make her return home proved abortive,” Aliyu said.
270	All employees are required to wear masks now, the facility said, and everyone had received masks – including some sewn by residents – as of April 3 or their next working shift.
271	Allen Park was established as a bird sanctuary in the 1930s by George Allen, a surgeon who served as president of the Sugar House Businessmen’s League and the Salt Lake Zoological Society.
272	All fall courses must be fully accessible to students who opt out of in-person classes due to medical conditions or travel restrictions, Liu said.
273	All in all, has action, comedy, drama, and heart in spades.
274	Allina, North Memorial also reduce hours as elective surgery ban continues because of virus.
275	All inmates must wear masks at all times except in their cell or the showers.
276	All intending passengers are even being contacted to follow up on this development,” he said.
277	All meetings will also be virtual and there will be no team or player gatherings away from the facility.
278	All my fights, I’m always scared going into the fight: ‘What if they do this, what if they do that?’
279	All of Maine’s 16 counties are currently classified as green — meaning the risk of COVID-19 transmission is low enough to make it safe for schools to open their doors — though the state plans to revisit the classification every two weeks.
280	All of the animals from the two expeditions were herded to Camp Verde, Texas.
281	"All of the families here are lucky to have one less thing to worry about during these uncertain times," Dorman said.
282	All of the garments – puffer coats, cargo pants, jumpsuits, ribbed cardigans, among them – were in black and white, easy to mix and match.
283	All of the KarJenner siblings – who had “work stuff,” according to Khloe – were in attendance.
284	All of which explains why ‘flattening the curve’ doesn’t really mean much (see graphic for other states).
285	“All operations are now centralised through our main branch in Hamilton, which will be open from 8:30am to 4pm, Monday through Friday until further notice.
286	Allow me to thank our members at ward, district and Constituencies for holding free and fair Elections.
287	All parties represented at Holyrood have had an input in drawing up the new law, which will be introduced to the Scottish Parliament on Tuesday and could complete all its stages as early as Wednesday.
288	ALL sick children and adults will stay home; and, quarantine will be observed by those with COVID-19 infected persons at home.
289	All Signs: As our time with passionate, intense Scorpio ends, we now move into a four-week dance with the Sun in optimistic, adventurous Sagittarius.
290	All signs pointed toward cornerback missing Sunday’s game and the Bills made it official on Friday.
291	All stakeholders including Transport, Hospitality, Travel Services, and Infrastructure Providers must urgently start the transformation in 2020 to get onto the Paris 1.5o trajectory within the next 7- 10 years.
292	“All the resources we have from our companies, all the funding we can bring to this — together we think we can get back on our feet,” Smith said.
293	All the TrueNat positive samples had to be confirmed by RT-PCR-based tests either located in the same or different laboratory.
294	All they knew was that Stan Lee was listed as "Writer."
295	All things happen for a reason, but the pains we endured through this process helped us grow when and where we needed to.”
296	All this happened the same day the school district itself reminded parents school would continue on a normal schedule Monday morning.
297	All this week we are dedicating the lights on Perth Bridge to those who have faced an unprecedented challenge in regards to schooling over the last few months.
298	All those who have any loan including retail loans such as car loan, personal loan or home loan may opt for the HDFC bank loan EMI moratorium scheme.
299	All told, at least in the central part of the state, Hutchinson is passing the biggest test he’s faced as governor.”
300	All told, people were taken with the concept of Stadia, but the execution just didn't work.
301	“All visitors are being requested to follow all the instructions given during these visits since these will continue ensuring the residents’ well-being,” the Government said.
302	All you need is hot water, vanilla, sugar, butter, flour and a deep-dish pie crust.
303	ALMOST €2 MILLION euro in funding, which will go towards promoting Irish arts internationally, has been announced by the Department of Culture, Heritage and the Gaeltacht.
304	Almost 80 per cent of Hong Kong's new cases over the past three days were imported.
305	Almost as many of the respondents (19 percent) believed that it was probably or definitely true that the CDC was using the virus to undermine the Trump presidency.
306	Almost seven million applications for tests were made between the site re-opening at 8am on Friday and 8pm that evening, the agency said.
307	Alongside his health secretary, Biden is expected to name a top-level White House adviser to coordinate the government's extensive coronavirus response.
308	Alongside the above statement he also made a significant statement on commencement of work on Moqpondass Special Economic Zone under the China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
309	Along with the album, he has released a video for “GNAT,” directed by Cole Bennett.
310	Along with the announcement, Mike and El Producto have also shared a lyric video for highlight “JU$T” featuring and Rage Against The Machine frontman Zack de la Rocha.
311	Along with those flavors, Lee has his gourmet flavors, cookies and cream, strawberry cheesecake, creamy dill, and banana pudding.
312	A look at what goes into conducting missile tests, what its means in terms of strategic posturing in the context of the stand-off with China along the LAC, and how COVID-19 restrictions have played a role in it.
313	“A lot of adults assume teens have it easy,” she said.
314	“A lot of my professors were saying that, ‘It’s okay if you do miss class, just send me an email saying that you’re missing class because of, you’re going to vote,’ which is respectful,” she said.
315	A lot of Sanders’ pessimists would use this as an opportunity to point out that Iowa and New Hampshire aren’t representative of the nation racially.
316	Al Pacino and Richard Gere were also briefly considered for the role.
317	Alpha Real Trust stock opened at GBX 166 ($2.17) on Wednesday.
318	Alpha Solway, who manufacture personal protective equipment at their factory in Queensberry Street, are working flat out to produce 20,000 visors every day, each bearing a personal message of thanks for the NHS.
319	Alps Advisors Inc. now owns 491,759 shares of the energy company’s stock worth $4,716,000 after purchasing an additional 72,003 shares during the last quarter.
320	Also, after using plates, salt and pepper shakers, cutlery, or napkins, avoid touching yourself or others unless you have sanitised properly.
321	Also among those to get vaccinated is Chris Ballinger who treats COVID-19 patients at Physicians Immediate Care.
322	Also at the event, the Group Head, LPG, SON, Mrs Nwaoma Olujie, said that the destruction was in response to the series of avoidable gas explosions in the nation.
323	Also, being offered is a 50% discount on co-pay for any men’s health issues for all ages.
324	Also, both the nations concluded a defense deal worth $3 billion because of the US president showed his willingness to sell India ultra-modern defense equipment and platforms.
325	Also, Chairman Ulrich E. Keller, Jr. sold 30,600 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 4th.
326	Also closing is a Retro Fitness location.
327	Also, Director Jody S. Lindell sold 3,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 6th.
328	Also how tight the overlapping layers are at the base of the fingers.
329	Also included will be boxes of granola bars, nuts, and cases of bottled water.
330	Also, look for modern models that have the built-in safety features.
331	Also, more curbside options, and creative dining ideas for Mother's Day.
332	Also, Nigeria is losing billions of investment to other African countries with better template for doing oil business as it lingers in the passage of its Petroleum Industry Bill.
333	Also no different was the continuing absence of some key members of the cast.
334	Also, out of concern about the public glare on the matter.
335	Also, somehow I have only played a cop in my last three outings as an actor, including Ghoomketu now.
336	Also, the MagSafe connector on the backside has an array of 18 magnets to keep magnetically-attached wireless charging accessories attached.
337	Also, you needed to have a lantern about your person.
338	Also you see whether you like it because criminal solicitors do a lot of appearance work in the Magistrates Court.”
339	Altan Nar is an intermediate sulphidation, carbonate-base metal gold (“CBMG”) deposit, that remains open at depth and along the known 5.6-kilometre trend of the system.
340	Altars: Consider placing and creating your altar in a front window or outside so others can view from a safe social distance.
341	Alternatively, customers can obtain forms in the food bank parking lot during normal distribution days and wait in their cars for their orders to be filled.
342	Although a few strong sectors of the civil service survive, notably the health sector, there has been little economic development in years.
343	Although experts say it is “ridiculously optimistic,” a coronavirus could reportedly be ready within the next 18 months.
344	Although, frankly, so far it looks relatively contained.”
345	Although high-order harmonic generation brought a breakthrough in this field, the generation efficiency and repetition rate were still insufficient for many applications," said Midorikawa.
346	Although it is possible for experienced investors to use Robinhood, and surely is the case some of the time, Robinhood caters mainly to a beginner investor crowd.
347	“Although it lost, I think it’s important to know that this is not the first time, and it isn’t the last time,” he said.
348	Although racism did not start when Trump came to power – as it is imbued into America’s history and culture – and it will not end with his departure from office, his overt racism brought to focus racism in America.
349	Although students at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana, won't be required a COVID-19 test before leaving campus, the university has mandated students to submit a test result within seven days before arriving back on campus in January.
350	Although Thanet cases remain low at around seven new weekly cases, nearly five cases per 100,000 people, there remains fear from staff around the lack of clarity from the government and KCC.
351	Although the board cited no wrongdoing by their union, the Alberta Union of Provincial Employees (AUPE), Toews said AHS will ask the board to investigate whether union leaders were involved in organizing the strike.
352	Although the group has distanced itself from the comment and asserted the person is not a member, there are other allegations of the president’s more fervent supporters behaving badly.
353	Although there are relatively few drilling operations in Larimer County compared with our neighbors, there is a high level of interest and concern about this topic.
354	Although the rule of the Muslim Brotherhood didn't last long enough to be able to erode ties with Israel, it did manage to damage the Jewish state's image in the eyes of the general public.
355	Although the show might not be on the air at the moment, at least you can pretend to be one of its contestants.
356	Although they spend a person's childhood changing shapes, they settle down and permanently stay once their person reaches full maturation.
357	Although very helpful, at least in the short term, it’s not purely altruism on the part of the Federal Reserve.
358	Although was coming out in 2020, it was actually shot way back in the summer and fall of 2018.
359	"Although we have made it through, we have been damaged, we have been hit," she said.
360	Although you may not be able to on a literal scale, as the area is also associated with higher learning and study this is the perfect time to finish or start a uni degree or some sort of online passion project.
361	A magnificent performance.
362	A majority of these cases involve online shopping; many consumers paid for items such as hand sanitizer or face masks and never received them, WGME reports.
363	Amakhosi had lost their last league game 1-0 against AmaZulu at FNB Stadium back in March and will be happy to have got off to a winning start at the resumption of play.
364	Amalgamated Bank now owns 234,115 shares of the company’s stock worth $19,921,000 after acquiring an additional 16,648 shares during the last quarter.
365	Amal said there was still no appetite for her friends who play football and are gay to come out publicly.
366	A man arrested Tuesday night on suspicion of having murdered his wife confessed Wednesday to police that he carried out the fatal stabbing, officers said.
367	A man driving behind that car saw the sparks and flashed his lights to alert the driver of the smoke.
368	A man makes his way home after collecting food in Coronationville, west of Johannesburg city centre.
369	A man was rushed to hospital via emergency run following a daylight stabbing in Scarborough on Saturday morning.
370	Amazon, Facebook, Google, and Twitter are more refined in suppressing books, films, communications, and ideas they don’t like—and don’t want others to like either.
371	Amazon has similar high-quality Echo speakers, but they’re just as expensive as the HomePod.
372	Amazon is now one of the three most biggest US companies by market value, making Bezos the world's richest man.
373	Amazon plans to build a new warehouse behind the five-story office tower.
374	AMC’s one and only priority right now is liquidity, and it has done virtually everything within its power to keep enough cash on hand just to function.
375	AMC Theaters are in danger of running out of money by the end of 2020 or early 2021.
376	A memorial service will be held at 11 a.m. Thursday, February 20, 2020, at Watson Thomas Funeral Home and Crematory, with a gathering following the service at the Thomas Legacy Center at Watson Thomas Funeral Home and Crematory.
377	"A mere 26 people met in Sydney in 1920 to establish the CPA, but internal disputes meant it was some years before the party was recognised by the Communist International as the Australian section of the Communist movement.
378	A merger, if it happens, would create a giant in live streaming and e-sports with over 300 million monthly users (before elimination of overlaps) and would also give Tencent further leverage in the gaming field.
379	America has some of the strongest free speech laws in the world thanks to the First Amendment.
380	American fourth seed and Australian Open champion Sofia Kenin eased through with a 6-2, 6-0 defeat of Romanian qualifier Irina Bara.
381	American revolutionary John Dickinson makes this point in Letters from a Farmer in Pennsylvania.
382	Americans have survived the Hong Kong Flu, the Avian Flu, the Swine Flu, and SARS, as well as Legionnaire’s Disease and Ebola without locking down the entire country.
383	Americans need to bridge the polarised interpretation of history so that the push for justice and equality in the present can be a bipartisan effort.
384	American Society of Clinical Oncology Provisional Clinical Opinion: Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Mutation Testing for Patients with Advanced Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer Considering First-Line EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Therapy.
385	"America's problems with drowsy driving stem from this 'Do as I say, not as I do' mindset," McKinley said.
386	“Amid all the insults, there would be short bursts where George would tell me how much he loved me, and that for me was part of the problem.
387	Amid the controversy, here's a list of some of the other prominent individuals who have found themselves in the spotlight over the lockdown rules.
388	Amid the reckless loss of lives, the sacrilegious invasion of the highly respectable Oba of Lagos, His Royal Majesty Oba Babatunde Rilwan Akiolu’s palace amazed everyone.
389	Amid the storm, Puerto Rico is still trying to recover from Hurricane Maria and ongoing earthquakes while fighting the COVID-19 pandemic.
390	A military lawyer, Robert, has incriminating info and while Hanna does set out for the kill, she's convinced by a rogue group, led by Stephen Mannion, that Utrax is a national terrorist threat that's being run by the Pioneer Group.
391	A minute later, HFD ambulances arrived, transporting Preston and Waller to Memorial Hermann Hospital, where there has been a massive police presence ever since.
392	Amitabh Bachchan discharged from hospital: 'Finally prayers have been answered'
393	A mobile overdose prevention site.
394	A model wears a pair of underwear from the Australian brand Modibodi; the brand's latest campaign has become an unlikely battleground for the latest feminist fight for equality.
395	Among its programs are the Beatknocks Academy, which teaches kids in music production, engineering and songwriting; and after school enrichment clubs like robotics, dance, painting and piano, among others.
396	Among other targeted assets are a dozen-plus homes and condos totaling tens of millions of dollars in value, including Cocoplum estates owned by straw buyers for Gorrin and others, according to law enforcement sources.
397	Among Renys' 17 locations in Maine, the company operates stores in Belfast and Camden.
398	Among the five arrested include three Health Workers at Malcom Watson Hospital in Mufulira and a former Prison Warder.
399	Among the most important was Vera Rubin’s finding that galaxies seem to rotate just as quickly at their outer rim as they do closer to their center, hinting that they contain more mass than what we calculate from their stars alone.
400	A Morrisons spokesman confirmed that the store reopened as normal this morning.
401	“Amotekun has come to stay and we must stand by it,” he said.
402	Ampaire is now flying 15-minute trial flights in partnership with Hawaii-based Mokulele Airlines to prove the feasibility of quick trips between the islands’ small airports with mock payloads.
403	Ampere’s latest research looked at 20 of the largest TV subscription markets worldwide to establish the theoretical ceiling for SVOD stacking behavior.
404	An 80-year-old man was hit by a train at Astor Place, the second accident at the station this week.
405	AN 84-year-old man who went missing in the midlands has been found safe and well.
406	An 85-page briefing entitled "The Good Censor" concluded that the multinational search giant needs to move toward censorship if it wishes to continue to receive the support of national governments and continue its global expansion.
407	An ace up the sleeve.
408	An additional 31 others had to close during lunch hours, which are usually the busiest.
409	An affordable housing advocate says the city's rewrite of the land development code would boost affordable housing, but there's room to do more.
410	Analysts anticipate that Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son will post 3.7 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
411	Analysts at the advisory arm of Ernst&Young (EY) recommended that Nigerian businesses should sustain flexible and remote working arrangement, while also providing infection protection for on-site workers.
412	Analysts of Iran and US policy said the killing of Soleimani and other actions by the Trump administration appeared to be taking place in the absence of any larger strategy.
413	Analysts said the government’s statist approach since Buhari took office in 2015 was in large part influenced by his chief of staff, a former executive at the United Bank for Africa Plc.
414	An announcement from the Coast guard states that, if things go to plan, the helicopter fleet will stop, at the latest, in the middle of next week, when regular inspections of the TF-GRO, the Guard’s only operational helicopter, must take place.
415	An artist’s impression of a liquid hydrocarbon sea on Saturn’s moon Titan, a promising hunting ground for life in our solar system.
416	An assessment of aggregate demand during the year so far suggests that the shock to consumption is severe, and it will take quite some time to mend and regain the pre-COVID-19 momentum, it said.
417	An Attendance Zoning Committee was formed to make the decisions.
418	Ancient Civilizations Knew How To Keep Things Messy.
419	And a few years down the line, this was proliferated all over the country.
420	And a host of clubs are thought to be keen now that he is available, but Bayern appear to be the front-runners now according to Sport Bild.
421	“And all the books about how to succeed in a high-pressure environment say the same thing: you have to get that much sleep at a minimum to keep functioning.”
422	And all those where in London alone.
423	And as far as the kids are concerned, they cannot always vent it out like us adults.
424	And, as it attaches to an existing DualShock 4 controller, it needn't cost anywhere near as much as buying a separate pro pad.
425	And as Kotch argues, these foundations aren't just giving the donors the right to donate to controversial organizations, they're giving them the power of anonymity.
426	And as written, it could not even fully support modernization because anything that an agency would want to do to modernize would likely be incompatible or restricted based on the 2.0 standard.
427	And Djokovic knows that.
428	And even in this temporarily reduced form, Maine International Film Festival is a truly momentous event, all happening right here at home.
429	And federal lawmakers need to offer workers relief in the form of additional stimulus.
430	And Florida, experts say, could become the next coronavirus epicenter.
431	And from what kinds of surfaces — doorknobs, cutting boards, sewage, garbage trucks — were the samples collected?
432	And glutes are part of our core, so they are connected.
433	“And he is consistent in his love for India and Indian-Americans,” he added.
434	And he is remarried.
435	And here I was getting attacked by this small fox," Claxon said.
436	And he said that until a vaccine is invented, the methods of combating the virus could be compared to “whack-a-mole”.
437	And he’s determined to emerge out of another war with his ailing body yet again.
438	"And he told me like, 'Mom, I'm so afraid to take this plane.
439	And Highways England appear to have casually ignored the commitments they made to the House of Commons in 2016.
440	And I don’t think it would fit in the CWC.
441	And if anybody sent you to ask that question, I will give you bargain, go and tell them you got more than you bargained for to do it.
442	And if individual protesters feel their rights were violated, it is they who should sue, not the Oregon AG.
443	And if possible, you might want to wait until the week before their school is in session—teachers will be checking email regularly then.
444	And if you are looking to score the anime on Blu-ray or DVD, online retailers like Amazon, Crunchyroll, Best Buy, and more can help you out!
445	And if you’re not staying up, check-in with us tomorrow morning to get the latest on who’s on course to be in the White House for the next four years.
446	And I know we get wrapped up in that and it’s fun to joke about and talk about fantasy suites, the windmill…this season with fantasy suites, it’s so much more than just that physical act.
447	"And I'm like, 'Well, I can't just be angry all the time?
448	And I’m writing this column on an Apple product, a MacBook Pro laptop.
449	And in a reminder that many elements of her life are not quite so relatable, Kate recalled her terror at having to face the world’s media after George’s birth.
450	And in that lies a lesson about the inadequacy of great ideas on their own.
451	"And I said, 'Wow, you know we could actually put a mask on him!'
452	And I say — "And let’s detune some of them and stick them through a phaser, and drench the whole thing in reverb."
453	And it came from the feds.
454	And it definitely did today.
455	"And it has been a very complex program.
456	And I think, in some ways, as a nation, we just need to - I won't say grow up.
457	And I think it’s amazing and I am clinging to those positive moments in this weird world.
458	And I think that that's that's a great question, one that's been certainly a focus of ours and others.
459	And it is for us to say no, we will not expose ourselves and others to the virus because regardless of what the local doctors are saying, it is not only young people who are dying.
460	“And it is,” says Peter Beck, founder and CEO of small satellite launch provider Rocket Lab.
461	And it might be free.
462	And it raises fears for live products, which lose up to 60 per cent of their value if they fail to reach EU destinations “within one to two days” – in particular day-old chicks.
463	And it says that the new mask-wearing check uses a separate system that doesn’t leverage any Real-Time ID Check technology.
464	And it's going- to be fun.
465	And it’s strong enough to get you through any Zoom calls with extended family.
466	And it will be very difficult for the Broncos to end a nine-game losing streak to Kansas City if the offense fails to score seven-pointers instead of three-pointers.
467	And I was very similar.
468	And Jerry says, How can the six foot rule possibly be effective if the virus survives and remains aloft for hours?
469	And, like the unemployment rate, the numbers also will be revised — and likely upward, due to underreporting.
470	And like they had in games against the Chargers and Raiders, the Titans showed up big and stopped the Patriots from getting into the end zone when given the ball in a first and goal situation.
471	And many still go swimming, even if there is a little twinge of caution.
472	And most people who have followed Google and Apple’s work have said the companies are (mostly) doing the right things to listen to health authorities and also protect people’s privacy.
473	And my creativity will always be on point, because I get that from movies and books and my own research.
474	And no one can do that than our faith-based organizations,” Adams said.
475	And not just one ability or energy shared across the abilities on cooldown; every ability gets the same amount of energy.
476	And now Germany dominates Europe more clearly than ever.
477	And others think they are registering for a particular party by marking it.
478	And outline plans to build it," said Devi Sridhar, professor and chair of global public health at the University of Edinburgh.
479	And pests of the four-legged kind (deer) and of the hopper variety (rabbits) love to destroy the younger trees.
480	And Picard has, too.
481	And President Lungu has called on the church not to only see corruption in government but also opposition and other people in society.
482	Andrea Bocelli, David Archuleta and more have Christmas concerts this weekend.
483	And really, I think it’s just vastly more constructive to focus, as economists would, on marginal analysis, rather than to engage in a big central planning exercise of trying to calculate the efficient thing to do.
484	Andrew Johns took it one step further when he said on Channel Nine: ‘‘You get the feeling that might be his night and the series.’
485	Andrews is someone I feel has big Rey Mysterio like upside if they want to move the former of TNA British Bootcamp to NXT US.
486	“Andrew, that is a really old headset.”
487	Andrew Yang, Cory Booker and Stacey Abrams will participate.
488	And she makes clear that she’ll be there when they return, even if she isn’t quite sure she deserves it.
489	”And Sir Alex’s first question was ‘am I seeing you first or second?’
490	And so, again, I go back to what Gyllenhaal is going to do with director Sam Gold to bring this story to life onscreen.
491	And social media now means that narratives can take hold that are not based in fact.”
492	And so its campaign felt more like turning out the morally pure rather than persuading swing voters.
493	And so I've been feeling for the parents.
494	And some type of maverick on a set play," he said.
495	And speaking of weight, the GR tips the scales at just 1,280kg – considerably lighter than rivals.
496	And that didn’t even include the much-anticipated debut of 7-foot-3 grad transfer Matt Haarms, who didn’t play, having been sidelined with a minor ankle injury earlier this week.
497	And that is a blessing beyond measure!
498	And that rod of glass read like on-screen bullet contrails.
499	And that’s all we can hope for.
500	And that’s because we have found that there’s a little bit of the Delta and a love for it in every place we’ve gone.
501	And that’s helped a lot.
502	And that’s how this war will be won.
503	And that’s precisely what stakeholders did.
504	And that’s to say nothing of how political the voting process has become.
505	And that the new prices are designed for additional profiteering.
506	And the absolute worst of abridgment of personal freedom: the master of a 70,000-ton freighter wishing to enter Duluth’s harbor has to have gone to a maritime academy to obtain a ship master’s license.
507	And the film is elusive as well.
508	And the media that reported on Flynn's prosecution and the Russian investigation were "fake news" and "thieves" who should give back their journalism awards.
509	And then, I thought, “Who the hell is playing Zoey?
510	And then she turns up with teddy bears.
511	And then there are others who want to hunker down and hibernate for the next six months.
512	And then we had to run a diagnostic to make sure it was working correctly,” Scrooby says.
513	And then we’ve got some younger guys.”
514	“And then you lose a game, you’re in the bus like this destroyed and then you hear some players laughing, thinking about where they will be going out later.
515	And then you move on to something else.
516	And then you want to rest the voice.
517	And the penny should be outlawed.
518	“And there are so many people who create work with clay, textiles and painting.
519	And there is a lot of love on both sides.
520	And there’s the added benefit of seeing the architectural beauty of the space while listening to the architectural beauty of the music.
521	And there were some spikes and surges and other places; they will soon be gone.
522	And the third we got some help with a couple of calls and took over on the power play and that always helps.
523	And they bulked up their defense by adding Sami Vatanen from New Jersey and seding a first-round draft pick to land Brady Skjei from the New York Rangers.
524	And they have an important role to play in helping the UK economy recover by providing finance for individuals and companies.
525	And this data is extrapolated, how?
526	And this is what we see with Okezie Ikpeazu’s response to my candid observation.
527	And this means that you should create a clear picture of the service.
528	And those giving out treats should leave them on a tray so that each person can pick up their own candy without rummaging through a bowl.
529	And to their other friends in the home you were like a nephew or a grandson.
530	And um, whew, that was very tough.
531	And until you’ve got that, you don’t know what you’re doing.
532	And, well, let’s just say that their lives are pretty damned messed up.
533	And we seem to have all the fixings for it!
534	And what is crucial to this question of the boundaries of blackness was the sheer rigidity of American race hierarchy.
535	And when Aria found out about Ezra's son but refused to tell him?
536	And when I say the left, I mean the left of the Democratic Party.
537	And when we had all traversed the stage, with a cry of triumph, we hurled our baseball caps skyward.
538	And when you have the increased flexibility of an entrepreneur, you can monitor and strengthen your sources of income while continuously identifying new opportunities that aren’t limited to your geographic area.
539	And, where television once routinely engaged UK teenagers and older children with on-screen versions of the world around them, those viewers might turn, almost exclusively, to products that offer Americanised youth ideals.
540	And while Armenia is on the losing side, if its elite proves its mettle, the situation may yet be transformed into the opening of a new strategic perspective for Armenia, allowing for the strengthening of its internal sovereignty and its democracy.
541	And while Walker had plenty to say about the call on the court, he was much briefer after the game.
542	And with an alarming trend of new coronavirus cases, it’s hard to know what the area this game is happening in faces as residents await a vaccine.
543	And with scenes of sexism, racism, nationalism, misogyny and eugenics, what follows at times makes for uncomfortable viewing.
544	And, with the new master plan, 6 percent of Kigali's land has been earmarked for recreational activities.
545	“And yesterday (Tuesday) soldiers came and raided the community.
546	And yet economists knew that market capitalism does not automatically self-correct for adverse distributional trends, especially extreme ones.
547	And yet the capture of Gogic might yet prove to be more meaningful as Hibs attempt to bring some robustness to the middle of the park.
548	“And, you know, I think most people want to automatically think that it’s all about whether or not your team wins,” Lenti Ponsetto said.
549	And, you know what you're getting into when you live near a school.
550	And you thought the Presidential Election of 2020 couldn't get more explosive?
551	And YouTube channels and media speculated news last evening about the actress leaving familial issues behind and gracing the wedding to wish the newly-married couple.
552	Andy Warhol’s observation is succinct: society has reached a point where everybody will have fifteen minutes of fame.
553	An employee of Hamilton Medical AG tests a ventilator at a plant in Domat/Ems, Switzerland, on March 18, 2020.
554	An enhanced scorecard will drive better government services for citizens.
555	An equation of 53 runs from 30 balls was a tricky task, but the 25-year-old played some glorious shots to continually carve the required run-rate, and when left with 18 required from 12 balls, he and Manish Pandey only needed six to see India home.
556	An everyday example of this process is when we wish to cross the road when there is limited visibility.
557	A new dynamic is added by the inspired Brian Tyree Henry, who, as Carol’s best friend and digital guru, hilariously crushes on the movie’s American president (Jean Smart).
558	A new front has been opened in the battle against COVID-19 in Canada, where–as of Thursday afternoon–36 people have now died and just under 3,400 cases remain active.
559	A new report sheds light on three such apps that grant hackers access to users' Android phones and here's how you can prevent being hacked.
560	“A new web portal tracks all of our police reform efforts.
561	An experimental stem cell therapy derived from human placentas will begin early testing in patients with the coronavirus, a New Jersey biotech company said Thursday.
562	An extra-special Happy New Year to the hapless collection of souls that compose what we vaguely refer to as the “Democratic establishment.”
563	Angela, Agent Venom, Thing, Drax and Rocket Raccoon all know how to take a hit, and give better than they got.
564	ANGEL GOMES is reportedly close to QUITTING Manchester United amid stalemate over a new £30k-a-week contract offer.
565	Angelina Jolie plays the monster’s mother.
566	Angenette showed Chantel's family her tiny house and kitchen, and then everyone enjoyed a feast.
567	Angie Willhite, a spokeswoman for the Police Department, said that Officer McConnell had been fired on May 8; that Officer Ordoyne had resigned on June 17; and that the six other officers were on administrative leave.
568	Angle's nostalgic tweet is notable given his current tenuous relationship with the company.
569	An hour later, towards the end of the debate, the Governor surfaced again.
570	An illustrative image of people looting COVID-19 food palliatives in Lagos.
571	An imperfect friend is better than no friend.
572	An important driver, which is influencing their usage, is the effectiveness in delivering formulations that cannot be delivered with pressurized metered-dose and dry powder inhalers.
573	An incident of shoplifting was reported at 9:42 a.m. on the 1800 block of Ocean Avenue.
574	An internal Labour Party review conducted after the December 2019 election and leaked to theunderscores the party’s position.
575	An investigation into the deaths are ongoing.
576	An “irate construction worker” allegedly fired shots at ’s Los Angeles home after being let go from the job.
577	An Irving Oil storage facility and crude rail cars are photographed at the edge of Courtenay Bay on in Saint John, N.B., in 2014.
578	An issue that this causes is that if a person is positive and there is delay in his admission to a hospital, then it increases mortality," Guleria was quoted as saying in Ahmedabad.
579	An Italy that can rise up again, that will roll up its sleeves, that will not allow itself to be beaten,' he added.
580	Annamalai attacked the ruling party by saying Tamil Nadu politics is nothing but government looting the public money during their regime and later pleasing them by a providing dole of 2000 rupees during elections.
581	Annie Benavides is consoled by coach Dena Brechtl after being taken out in the final minute of a WIAA Division 2 sectional semifinal meeting with Waukesha West at Elkhorn High School (Michael Stefanich Jr./Southern Lakes Newspapers).
582	Announced this evening, the Health Protection Surveillance Centre has been notified of 675 new confirmed cases of Covid-19.
583	An oil diffuser that looks good enough to leave out as a decorative object.
584	Another 712,000 Americans filed for unemployment benefits last week on a seasonally adjusted basis, according to the Labor Department, as the job market recovery continues to slow.
585	Another 85,000 could be lost during the second.
586	Another analysis of the mysterious airframe gave some insight into the airframe, and further evidence that it is indeed the RQ-180.
587	Another aspect of the ANC feature is wind noise reduction, which you can enable separately when ANC is on.
588	Another avenue to follow to generate impactful research is to produce ‘counter-empirics’ in order to expose EUrope’s violent migration policies.
589	Another bonded project will most likely be the digitization of village records at both the building and planning department and the clerk’s department.
590	Another candidate, Jessica Hanley, a former NMU student herself, understands that it can be difficult to navigate odd Marquette housing laws.
591	Another driver, Jill Jobity, told me she picked up a customer who had just received her negative test result for Covid-19.
592	Another fact that is stubbornly deflected is that recent community protests have been genuinely triggered by the death of residents in those communities in police involved killings believed to be executions.
593	Another former Australia captain Greg Chappell says Labuschagne has the temperament and technique to become one of Australia's best number three batsmen alongside Ponting, Don Bradman and himself.
594	Another group that public health officials worry about during an infectious disease outbreak is pregnant women.
595	Another key part of the plan involves the dismantling of Hamas and Islamic Jihad, two Palestinian groups seen as terrorists by a large part of the international community.
596	Another lightweight portable option is the Microsoft Modern Mouse, with a price tag of $34.99.
597	Another member of the group, Gildardo Perez-Benitez, 51, of North Canaan, was also arrested for his role in the distribution operation.
598	Another nut job walking around without supervision.
599	Another option - one that we might overlook - is the possibility that lockdown and the crisis caused by the coronavirus has changed abusive patterns, for the better, and there has actually been a decrease.
600	Another Parisian bookshop owner, who did not want to be named, said: 'It’s complete rubbish.
601	Another possible reason for the security cabinet being convened was reported progress in talks with Hamas over a prisoner swap deal.
602	Another proposal is placing veggie burgers alongside their meat counterparts instead of separating them on menus or in supermarket aisles.
603	Another resident, Filax Sembui who explored the tunnel before the blast said that from there are diversions inside the tunnel's tail end where the shelters are located, and that the main exit is located at in the middle of the shelters.
604	Another source at the hospital, who confirmed the two cases, lamented slow response by the NCDC.
605	Another step both Intermountain and University Hospital will implement soon: bringing in doctors who don’t usually work in hospitals.
606	Another vote would have overturned a rule that allows political groups to conceal the identities of their donors.
607	An outbreak had been declared at Staint-Vincent, which cares for patients with complex needs, on Sept. 23.
608	An outbreak is declared when two or more people test positive and the cases are linked to a specific non-household setting or event within a specified time.
609	An outbreak was declared at SPINCO, located on James and Wilson streets, on Oct. 5 after 47 COVID-19 cases were linked to the facility, officials confirmed on Sunday.
610	An overwhelming number of classrooms have ditched chalkboards for computer whiteboards, though it hasn't improved teachers' handwriting too much.
611	Answer: Offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels hands the cape over to his fleet of running backs.
612	Anti-Catholic organisations crusaded to strip the Irish of their devout faith and practices.
613	Anticipating mass layoffs, Polis, a Democrat, has encouraged small firms to apply for low-interest emergency loans of up to $2 million from the U.S. Small Business Administration.
614	António Guterres, the UN Secretary-General, pointed out last week that "No person, young or old, is expendable and that older people have the same rights to life and health as everyone else."
615	Antonio Reyes and Diego del Morao are closely linked to Circulo Flamenco de Madrid.
616	Anuj Krishnan and Linda Kemigisha are two of just 20 students to win the Vimy Pilgrimage Award.
617	A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in EA.
618	A number of institutional investors and hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock.
619	A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in MRVL.
620	A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of DAL.
621	A number of police cars are in the area, with the Eagle helicopter also responding to the incident.
622	A number of tests show that NordLynx's speed outperforms any other mainstream protocol several times.
623	Any agency can do performance marketing, but when combined with the PR discipline it becomes something more special and relevant.
624	“Any arrival that does not fulfil the PCR test requirements will be subject to testing on arrival and mandatory quarantine while awaiting results.
625	Any modern franchise that runs long enough is bound to get a video game adaptation or two, and has had a healthy games career since almost as soon as the manga was first adapted.
626	“Anyone, please send me anyone / Lord, is there anyone?
627	Anyone thinking of going long at these price levels should think very carefully about doing so.
628	Anyone who can help with information regarding this incident is requested to call Crime Stoppers on 919 or send us a private message and we will pass on the information to our investigators.
629	Anyone who speaks out against it, will be punished.
630	Anyone with information is asked to call police at 847-596-8774.
631	Anyone with information regarding this incident is asked to contact the on duty Staff Sergeant at 905-825-4747 ext. 2310.
632	Any operator without a license is deemed to be carrying out illegal activities.
633	Any other thoughts?
634	“Any small improvement is so much better than what four million Canadians are already doing today, so really we just need to get on with it,” said Sivan.
635	Any sort of football on TV was a rare treat.
636	“Anything’s better than coal, and then you push in the problem,” he said.
637	“Any vendor/agent who collects a prepared list with candidates’ names, profile codes and other vital details for the purpose of vending pins will be sanctioned.
638	Anyway, inspite of quarrels, fights and riots in the name of religion or of some political issues, India cannot change its colors.
639	Anyway, let's look at more recent quarterly numbers to see what we can elucidate about more recent trends.
640	A once-in-a-century pathogen would demand once-in-a-century solutions.
641	Apart from them, Anil Kapoor also made a huge mark as his 3 films stood tall in the highest grossers.
642	A passerby stops and asks him gently, “What are you doing old fella?
643	A patch of Sholinganallur — consisting of Elcot Avenue-Kumarasamy Nagar, Clasic Gardens and Clasic Gardens (not a typo, that's how 'Classic' is spelt) — evokes exactly that sense of the miraculous.
644	A payment similar to the Housing Assistance Payment (HAP) would also be made available as well as a weekly allowance under this new system, the report recommends, as well as a number of other key recommendation which can be read here.
645	A platform that allowed him to publish his first article thirty years ago as a lieutenant.
646	A popular cake manufacturer came to give away food two days ago, he said.
647	A positive sign is that they are halting committee/floor debate when the webcast goes down, ensuring that during this pandemic the public, the real boss, has eyes and ears on the session.
648	A post-mortem examination and formal identification will be arranged in due course.
649	A post-mortem was later carried out which determined his death was due to a stab wound to the chest and abdomen.
650	A potential border closure between Queensland and NSW could be another hurdle for CA, given the fourth Test is being held at the Gabba.
651	A powerful being called Imperiex was coming to Earth and his goal was simple: to conquer it so he could use the planet as a staging ground for his war and only the heroes of the DC Universe can stop him.
652	Apparently these plants are the only reason I can even 'breathe fresh air' in my house,' Brad said.
653	Apple clearly feels strongly about this matter.
654	Apple is also sticking to its M&A strategy, Maestri said, while reiterating a pledge to invest $350 billion in the U.S. economy in coming years.
655	Apple released a new iPad Pro this year, and aside from incremental hardware changes, the new 2020 models didn’t really re-invent the wheel.
656	Applicants are not required to sit for any exam.
657	Applications can be obtained from our website (www.landoflincolnhonorflight.) or by contacting us at or (217) 585-1219 or (217) 652-4719.
658	Applications will be open by 25 March.
659	Appointment begins January 15, 2020, and expires January 14, 2027.
660	Appointment required; no walks in. Click here for more information.
661	Approached for comment, Ndeitunga feels if there is a law that protects the national symbols and how it should be utilised, where and when, all citizens should respect those provisions of the law.
662	Appropriate distancing will also follow in the classroom setting and at schools, the environment has been cleaned with the installation of sinks.
663	Approximately 44 percent of the courses in the country remained open through last Friday, according to surveying by the NGF.
664	A president who's in it not for himself, but for others.
665	A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that water pumped from Tantangara will likely transfer fish to Talbingo.
666	A previous version of this story misspelled Claudia Goldin's last name as Golden.
667	A processing unit beside the butcher's shop was destroyed.
668	A product of the imagination of children's author Hugh Lofting, the pushmi-pullyu is described as the "rarest animal of all," a descendant of Abyssinian gazelles, Asiatic chamois, and the last of the unicorns.
669	A purse and its contents were reported taken from behind the counter of a restaurant about 12:17 p.m. May 14 in the 1600 block of Simpson St.
670	Aqbal graduated from St. Clair College with a diploma in computer networking, but there was a recession in 2007 and jobs were scarce.
671	Arachibutyrophobia is a fear relating to which food?
672	Arachidonic acid is an essential fatty acid that is widely used in the manufacture of sports nutrition products.
673	A radio message–instructing Greg to change frequencies– was voiced by the band booster president, an FAA employee, who said, “GOOD MORNING, GREG!
674	A range of expert advice will be free to read and watch on the RHS website and subscribers will get exclusive content, and the BBC will broadcast a series of special programmes.
675	Arcadia has contributed around £29 million to the fund, and the pension scheme has security over the firm's Oxford Street and Tottenham Court Road stores.
676	Arcadia native Jim Hoesley was set to compete in the 200-meter dash and 60-meter hurdles at the indoor championships for the Eagles.
677	Archaeologists unearthed the fossilised teeth of 106 individuals buried in Granada and discovered that textile tasks were only carried out by women during the Bronze Age.
678	Archbishops Welby and Cottrell are fully committed to homosexual marriage by 2022, it is only a matter of time.
679	Arch Capital is Watford’s largest shareholder with a 12.6% stake, according to Refinitiv Eikon data.
680	Arc System Works hit it out of the park when adapting the series to a 2D fighting game with Dragon Ball FighterZ.
681	Ardern let them flap in the wind for a few weeks, she says, while formulating a strategy.
682	Area residents are invited to join Olathe’s Human Relations Commission (OHRC) to celebrate the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., on Jan.
683	A refugee-led organisation, the South Sudanese United Refugees Association (SSURA), met with the World Food Programme to highlight this issue and press for a change in policy.
684	Are Iran’s F-5 Fighters a Joke or a Surprise Threat?
685	A relatively stable labor market and federal efforts such as paycheck protection and weekly unemployment subsidies appear to be factors in Maryland’s improving budget numbers.
686	A release date for the reboot has not yet been confirmed.
687	A relief was sought until there was a respite from the pandemic.
688	Are our friends in the NPP suggesting that, all those who pleaded with the Supreme Court for clemency for Sammy Awuku and Sir John when they were cited for contempt of court, endorse their reckless comments?
689	A repeat could be disastrous this time around.
690	A report from Axios emerged on Monday AEDT said Trump was planning to declare victory on election night and try to stop or discredit the count of mail-in votes despite 91 million of them being cast so far.
691	A representative of the Federal Government said “At this point, it might be considered that not participating in this heinous war crime is un-Australian”
692	A restaurant patio in downtown Ottawa.
693	Are there gaps in the King Soopers safety protocols?
694	Are these characters going to live in hiding which is really no life (or security) at all, or can they brave the outside world?
695	Are they still at zero?
696	A review of the activities of Nigerian civic initiatives such as Udeme and Tracka shows many of the projects are perfunctorily delivered or not done at all.
697	“A review on this matter should be done in the future,” he said.
698	“Are you a boy or a girl?”
699	Are you asking the right questions when it comes to lung cancer?
700	Are you concerned about coronavirus?
701	Are you going to put your hands on me?"
702	Are you on to Philadelphia or not?
703	Are you planning on enforcing these rules?
704	Ariana Aylan approves the color of a new coat from Operation Warm that her mother, Lisset Aylan, shows her as Alondra Aylan watches outside of the Glendale Mountain View Community Learning Center in Salt Lake City on Thursday.
705	Ari’s mother was concerned she might be losing her own child if that’s the case.
706	Armed conflict has disturbed the education system due to frequent Hartals, Curfews, Killings and Crackdowns which led to the closure of schools.
707	Armenia has evidence of Turkish air force’s involvement - Mediamax.
708	Arnie-His Army — Golf Channel, 8 p.m.
709	Around 2 on a Sunday morning, they streamed out of the building, running in every direction.
710	Around 30 tonnes of technical equipment and material has been sent on board an IAF C-17 Globemaster Aircraft to Mauritius.
711	Around 3:30 a.m., officers responded to a commercial burglar alarm at Simply Dental Implants, near the corner of Harlem and Higgins avenues.
712	Around the world, people are organising.
713	“Around this time last year, I called up asking for a bit of information, and they just said they can't release any information,” he said.
714	Arrangements by Levandoski-Grillo Funeral Home, Bloomfield.
715	Arsenal are 40 points behind new Premier League champions Liverpool.
716	Arshad, 51, said during his time at home, he is working on a few scripts which he intends to direct someday.
717	Arteta speaks after Arsenal beat Man Utd 2-0 Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta and rival Ole Gunnar Solskjaer discuss the Gunners' 2-0 win over Manchester United on Wednesday night.
718	Article 26 has been part of the City Charter longer than most Alameda residents have been alive, but that doesn't make it immutable.
719	Artificial snow has become a necessity in many European ski areas, including this resort in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.
720	Artist can upload literally any song to Spotify, of any genre with any lyrics, without censorship.
721	Arun Vijay plays Aryan, who belongs to the Narcotics Control Bureau.
722	As 47 factories in Yangon have either closed or reduced their workforce due to the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic, 6,355 factory workers have been made redundant as of the end of April.
723	As a Catholic physician, McAnany does not prescribe birth control to her patients.
724	As a cold front shoves Delta's remnant low farther out to sea, drier weather will resume.
725	• As a commonwealth country and a realm, today we honour the spirit and diversity of New Zealand, and we feel particularly reminded of the special time we had there during our tour in 2018.
726	Asaduddin Owaisi also said if a law provides citizenship to six groups but "excludes one," then it is only meant to deny citizenship.
727	Asaduddin Owaisi, responding to the continued ‘surgical strike’ jibe, demanded the resignation of Union Minister of state for Home Affairs G Kishan Reddy.
728	As a father myself I can relate to that and I believe it will be great for people to see the other guy, the one who is not stone-faced and in the zone.
729	As a former employee there, I wanted any students who may be passing by their solicitation table to keep in mind a few things.
730	As a friend noted, while we’ve been lecturing to our kids how important social distancing is to protect their grandparents … their grandparents have been going out and about.
731	As a game inherently about freedom & independence, it's no surprise that ’s story puts both themes front and center.
732	“As a global leader in health and hygiene products, we must be clear that under no circumstance should our disinfectant products be administered into the human body (through injection, ingestion, or any other route),” the company said in a statement.
733	As a group, equities research analysts forecast that EQT Co. will post -0.21 EPS for the current fiscal year.
734	As a group, research analysts predict that Atlassian Co. PLC will post 0.13 earnings per share for the current year.
735	As a matter of fact, many brokers rely on this marketing technique of showing only a specific spread which will not always be the one you are going to have for the rest of your operations for your future operations.
736	As an executive committee member of the W.N.B.A.’s players’ union, Clarendon has also become a voice for social justice for the league this year.
737	As a people oriented government, we are committed to protecting life, property and humanity of our people.
738	“As a plenary speaker you will have a high-level audience including policy makers, investors, international organisations, universities and private information technology and education partners.”
739	As a pro- people Assembly, it is our duty to make sure that our parents, brothers and sisters are safe from attacks by these ZANU PF thugs.
740	As a result an old Irish tradition dictated that any man refusing a woman’s Leap Day proposal must give her a silk gown.
741	As a result, bidets carried a negative stigma that still lingers to this day.
742	As a result, he excluded the Director of the CIA and the Chairman of the Chiefs of Staff Committee from regular meetings of the National Security Council.
743	As a result, it contributes to miseducation.
744	As a result, many young girls are unwilling to join as ASHA workers or do not stay for long in the job,” she said.
745	As a result, not all local communities are adhering to Abe’s request to close schools.
746	As a result of the rising cases, Mr Suga has not outlined his plans for Christmas yet, suggesting he hopes that Japanese people will be able to celebrate with their families as usual by 25 December.
747	“As a result, the Bank of Canada will be more concerned with the outlook for other indicators, particularly employment and consumer spending,” Mendes wrote in a research note to clients.
748	As a result, the final day of school would also come earlier, scheduled for May 28 — the Friday before Memorial Day weekend — with the high school graduation falling on May 20, a Thursday.
749	As a result, the IPD is expanding its research on vaccine design, targeted drug delivery, 'smart' therapeutics, next-generation nanomaterials and more.
750	“As a senior member of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, I strongly advocated for the funding that made this research possible and am so proud of the work Navatek and other Maine industries do to support our Navy and our nation’s defense.”
751	As a South Jersey native, Frank Vogel has a lot of family and friends living near Philly.
752	As at the time of filling this report, news are still sketchy whether security personnel have been deployed in the area.
753	As Bloomberg prepared to deliver his remarks, Strong reappeared to commend the mayor for reconsidering and accepting the invitation.
754	As bodies piled up in Italian hospitals, morgues and churches, and as medical workers pleaded for more help, there was no sign that Italy was yet taming its arc of contagion.
755	As CBS 2’s Tim McNicholas reported, it happens to be a growing trend in law enforcement.
756	As Christa Dao reports, the relaunch plans announced Thursday is welcome news.
757	As closures and lockdowns continue, however, what they hoped to deliver in-person to the public has been translated by the Centre into a virtual exhibition that is on now through February 27.
758	As clubs seek both technical and managerial strategies for success, rebranding, modernization, and policy direction are still thematic areas that need critical attention.
759	A screenshot showing the tracking application StopCovid is seen on a mobile phone in this illustration picture taken in Nantes, France June 2, 2020.
760	As deputies began investigating, they were ambushed with gunfire and multiple improvised explosive devices.
761	As Dr Benjamin Chan, he's the state's epidemiologist.
762	A search for a new manager will begin immediately, per the team.
763	A searchlight battalion included three or four heavy searchlight batteries.
764	A senior administration official disputes that Kushner told senators that DACA would be part of a larger immigration package, saying the president is considering various options as he waits for the Supreme Court decision.
765	A senior executive decided to resign amid the furore.
766	A senior government official, his wife and a staff member were killed after a private car in which they were travelling crashed into the wall of a culvert on National Highway 47 near Chotila town in Surendranagar district on Sunday.
767	A senior official with the Department of Homeland Security tells ABC News that the shooting is related to the protest over George Floyd's death.
768	A senior police leader has backed the officers who stopped a car carrying a black MP and hit out at “trial by social media”.
769	A senior police official said Khanchandani's statement was recorded twice and his role was identified during the interrogation of the channel's distribution head Ghanshyam Singh, who was arrested earlier.
770	A series of very-high frequency (VHF) antennas around the world can provide astronauts with voice-only communications in the unlikely event of an emergency.
771	As Ernest Hemingway once observed, “As you get older it is harder to have heroes, but it is sort of necessary.”
772	Asexuality always felt like it fit.
773	As far as she's concerned, Kenney is "opening the floodgates to more private health care.
774	As for Hannah-Jones’s assertion that Lincoln “opposed black equality,” it cannot withstand scrutiny.
775	As for how the MTA will close its 472 stations, Chief Safety Officer Pat Warren said some have gates that will be locked, while others will have a police officer stationed outside to keep people out.
776	As for the future of the Republican Party, he points to gains the GOP has made among African Americans and Latinos as a hopeful sign.
777	As for the last outing, Rambo: Last Blood brought in $91.5 million on a $50 million budget and carries a stark divide amongst critics and the general audience, reflected in its audience score on Rotten Tomatoes.
778	As for the Miami venue, it's well-versed in debates, reports : It held the first Democratic presidential primary debate in 2019.
779	As for the warranty, ASUS guarantees the parts for one year.
780	As for the Warriors, they’re surely hoping Wiggins will be able to flourish next season and beyond when he’s surrounded by the superstar trio of Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green.
781	As funny as Andy is, some of his academic achievements don't line up.
782	As he cuts back and forth between chapters of Ewan’s book and what is happening to Maggie as she begins the renovation work, it becomes increasingly difficult to tell which one of them is telling the truth about Baneberry Hall.
783	As he left the White House for his first major trip in two months, Trump said he was not concerned about a new University of Washington IHME forecasting 134,000 deaths by August -- taking into account states easing restrictions.
784	As high as 200 to 300 meters, a few dunes are there that are perfect for sand skiing.
785	As Hilary George-Parkin previously reported for The Goods, “the coronavirus outbreak has created an unlucky confluence of spiking demand and widespread supplier delays” since the crisis isn’t contained in a single state or country.
786	Ashley Tisdale Breaks Free From Depression on New Song 'Love Me and Let Me Go'
787	Aside from platters and an a la carte menu with a variety of Asian and American dishes, the hotel is also offering Bento boxes, and is taking orders for celebration cakes, breads and pastries.
788	As if snapping the ball wasn’t hard enough.
789	A similarly vulnerable group are adults with lower education or lower levels of cognitive skills who require ‘contextualised learning opportunities.’
790	A similar pattern is visible in loans given by private banks and NBFCs.
791	A simple, common sense approach would have been to establish “Indigenous Peoples Day” on almost any other date and keep Columbus Day.
792	As important as the US President is, there is a lot more to the federal, state and local governments, and they might not be aware of it.
793	As in Election Campaign 2016, Donald Trump isn't the cause but a symptom (though what a symptom!) of an American world going down.
794	A single one-minute 8K video will be around 600MB.
795	As I said before to find some rhythm in the middle, often it can be one shot away.
796	As I said earlier, it is just both of us in the movie most of the time.
797	“As I see it, his problem is that he’s not actively seeking out women who are.”
798	As is typical of the genre, each episode deals with a new FBI case file involving human remains and the special agent who works alongside a forensic anthropologist to try and solve it.
799	As it turns out it's good advice, it's just a shame Grace doesn't take it herself.
800	As it turns out, this particular bakery had to shut down for 11 weeks during the coronavirus pandemic and just reopened on June 15th.
801	As jurisdictions released more demographic data on coronavirus deaths, they show clear racial disparities.
802	Ask a Trooper: What should drivers do if stopped with a firearm?
803	Asked about the confidential forecast, White House spokesman Judd Deere said: “This is not a White House document, nor has it been presented to the Coronavirus Task Force or gone through interagency vetting.”
804	Asked to leave restaurant, Arizona man ate pissed, and left.
805	Asked why the group believed this, a man shouted “We have proof!” but declined to elaborate.
806	Asking for an audit is also outside the purview of the board, whose only role is to canvass and certify election results.
807	Ask the dinosaurs.
808	As long as health metrics remain positive, Classic Cinemas plan to reopen Friday June 26, but with precautions, for instance, all theatre goers will have to wear a mask until they are seated.
809	“As long as R is above one, the epidemic continues to grow and it will continue to grow at a reasonable rate," said Sir Patrick Vallance.
810	As long as they aren’t relying on him to complete many passes it’s probably fine.
811	As long as they’re reported, the voter can make their own determination on whether a candidate is beholden to certain interests.
812	As many as 4,721 new Covid-19 tests have been carried out, the ministry said, taking the total to 262,869.
813	As mentioned before, Olsen had clear connections with Buffalo and Washington.
814	As Miami’s Derrick Jones Jr. was polishing off an impressive (if slightly controversial) win over Orlando’s Aaron Gordon, Howard was a mere spectator, eliminated after his first two dunks and finishing fourth.
815	A snap from Chelsea’s Cobham HQ showed the 25-year-old in action after making a save.
816	A snapshot of the active cases by district in Calgary as of Oct. 27.
817	As of April 2, it said most of its employee base is now working remotely.
818	As of Feb. 28, there are 15 other confirmed cases of the coronavirus in Canada — seven in British Columbia, seven in Ontario, and one in Quebec.
819	As of Friday, are still not under full stay-at-home orders, even though federal health officials believe such measures can help slow the spread of the virus.
820	As of Monday Halton Region is reporting 36 positive cases of COVID-19, with 16 residing in the Oakville area.
821	As of Nov. 20, there were only cases remaining on the third floor.
822	As of the March 11 transition, WMEA will operate from a Dielectric TFU Series UHF end-fed antenna, with vertical polarization.
823	A somewhat nebulous emotion, awe generally is defined as the sense that you are in the presence of something larger and more consequential than yourself and that this something is mysterious and ineffable.
824	As one of the largest employers in the community, HSU can and should do whatever it takes to maintain a full, steady, stable workforce to help the area’s economy survive COVID-19’s shutdowns.
825	As one racial justice activist politely put it: “Even his set of relationships, I’m quite sure, are geared toward his world.”
826	A source said the gunmen abducted the bishop and his driver in his car and whisked them away to an unknown destination.
827	A source told The Sun: “He was amazingly brave.
828	A source told US publication Page Six that they are currently 'happy playing house in all of Mick's properties around the world'.
829	A source with knowledge of the matter told CNN at the time that Moore-Gilbert had already been tried and sentenced to ten years in prison.
830	As part of its ongoing efforts to protect its brand and assets, Tata Steel, along with Punjab Police, raided the premises of Classic Wire Products in Mandi Gobindgarh, Fatehgarh Sahib, Punjab, for selling counterfeit Tata Wiron products.
831	As part of its strategy, TCPL is innovating with new marketplace models and expects a larger play in the foods and beverages businesses, where TCPL is expanding its portfolio and sharpening capabilities for the longer term.
832	As part of LaLiga’s commitment to talent development and exposure, in 2019 LaLiga had the MVP of the U-15 tournament youth club in Spain for 10 days.
833	As part of our "Building a Better Bay Area," we are focusing on four pillars: health, education, workplace and economy.
834	As part of the all-encompassing collaboration, real doctors were on set during filming.
835	“As part of the effort, beginning at the subnational level, the Forum will be receiving zonal updates on SARS and Internal security at its Wednesday meeting.
836	As Pat Perry of the Tour Junkies pointed out, the last five WGC events have been won by players with odds of 20-1 or lower.
837	As people learn more about their chosen classes, it takes some practice and tinkering to see what ends up being the best choice.
838	As per KETO BodyTone real reviews, the supplement has not received any complaints or negative feedback.
839	As per reports in IANS, the & Kajol starrer Dilwale Dulhania Jayenge is back on the big screen, with theatres opening in Mumbai.
840	As per the Greater Chennai Corporation’s (GCC) numbers, there are 360 containment areas in the city as on June 12. There have been reports of quarantined people leaving their houses despite GCC officials warning them repeatedly, not to.
841	As per Vaibhav Choudhary, making the presence of the sportsperson felt over the social media is as important as good in their respective games.
842	As philosopher Mortimer Adler observed, “Love without conversation is impossible.”
843	A spokesman for Boots, who have also seen stores sell out of hand sanitisers in recent weeks, said today: 'We have seen an increase in sales of hand sanitisers but we still have stock available in our warehouses for stores and online.'
844	A spokesman for the Colorado State Patrol says the semitrailer caught fire following the crash and the driver, identified as David McKnight, 43, of Peetz, was later pronounced dead.
845	A spokesperson for the group said: “Given the uncertainty and flexibility, one can simply exploit the estimated life cycle curve, especially its rightmost tail segment, to examine and detect when and to what extent the pandemic gradually disappears.”
846	A spokeswoman for the Department of Health said they were monitoring the situation.
847	As previously noted, at the time of writing, the picture had amassed 10,000-plus likes.
848	As previously noted, on July 30, she shared another racy pic on the photo-sharing website in which she showed off her style and incredible body in a printed bikini.
849	As protests for the death of Houston native George Floyd continue around the country, Gov. Greg Abbott has ordered more help for cities dealing with the aftermath.
850	As reported extensively by Portland-area media, both Andy Inskeep, 44, youth pastor at Ridgefield (Wash.) Church of the Nazarene, and Brandan Raley died at the Marina Beach sandbar near where the Columbia and Hood Rivers meet.
851	As senators prepare to return to Capitol Hill to take up the bill on Monday, it is worth noting that many of them fit the profile of people most at risk for adverse reactions to this coronavirus: specifically, the majority are senior citizens.
852	As she does, some of the mysteries surrounding the Epstein case may begin to be revealed.
853	Assistant Minister for Finance and Charities Zed Seselja said taxpayers subsidise charities through tax concessions and expect the money to go to charitable works, not supporting unlawful behaviour.
854	Assistant Superintendent of Instruction Andrea Cassell said teachers and faculty at the schools have continued to hold meetings with families to help train them on how to use the technology.
855	As someone who’s spent much of his life in movie theaters, I’m particularly interested in speculation about the future of film distribution.
856	As soon as it opens, the man walks right in.
857	As soon as night falls we still gather together around any vague light, drowning our sorrows in primitive music and intoxicating substances.
858	As stated above, Tucker said on Wednesday that Aug. 1 remains their start date until they say otherwise.
859	As storage space becomes more affordable, however, cloud storage is becoming an increasingly attractive backup solution, provided you don’t mind that someone else is managing your data.
860	As studies indicate, one of the well-documented effects of climate change is its impact on the water bodies as a result of precipitation.
861	As such, new and old players alike may find themselves intrigued when building a magic-user for the game.
862	Assume that a little “coaching” will be sufficient for those who struggle with this.
863	A star knows when to leave the stage.
864	A Star Tribune analysis of available records shows that nearly two-thirds of those who died during the month were more than 80 years old.
865	A state government spokeswoman condemned the sale of the memorabilia.
866	A statue depicting US athletes Tommie Smith and John Carlos as they raised gloved fists during the medal ceremony at the 1968 Olympics is housed at the Smithsonian Institute’s National Museum of African American History & Culture.
867	A Status Yellow rainfall warning for Donegal, Leitrim, Mayo and Sligo and lasts until 5pm that evening.
868	As the administration works on inventive ways to strip health coverage from poor Americans, even moderate candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination have plans that would automatically cover expansion-eligible people in holdout states.
869	As the Bible tells us, Jesus was born in a stable, surrounded by animals.
870	As the bill has been tied to a confidence vote, the government is essentially going all out with the pension reform, as its adoption will be weighed against the survival of the government.
871	As the Black Lives Matter movement grows, environmental organizations like the National Audubon Society have made supportive statements.
872	As the cholent simmered, my family and I sat around talking, reading, dozing, and waiting for it to finish.
873	As the contract stands, when UC lecturers are hired, for the first six years they are on semesterly or annual contracts that can be renewed — or not — at the discretion of the university, Chang said.
874	As the economy continues to grow and takes in more and more tax revenue as more and more people work and incomes rise, the debt will start to be paid down.
875	As the episode progresses, Homer develops a close relationship with Homer Jr., neglecting his own children, especially Maggie.
876	“As the leader in intelligent transformation, Lenovo understands that it needs to be a cross-organizational effort,” said Paul Walsh, global chief digital officer at Lenovo.
877	As the need for restrictions was assessed and adjusted by provincial health authorities, the ability to visit Elders also changed to meet adjusting protocols.
878	As the only Outrider of the Knights of Favonius, she plays an important role in introducing the Traveler to the many residents of Mondstadt.
879	As the organ mandated with oversight functions, control and scrutiny function on public affairs, public institutions and other matters of public interest, the NAMs have a tangible role to play in the Government's budget approval process.
880	As the pandemic raged on, Rankin, who has a three-week-old newborn son and a four-year-old stepdaughter, found himself with no money to pay the bills.
881	As the title of the series indicates, this is a children’s show, and the level of entertainment and enrichment is clearly pitched at younger kids.
882	As they drove along Telegraph Rd, near French's house, they drove past Sears and his girlfriend travelling the other way.
883	As they navigate the regulatory process and work to raise funds, the companies have been putting their tests through clinical studies and trying them out in hospitals and labs across the country.
884	“As this happens in the context of a global shortage and lockdowns… that will make the transport of these ventilators more difficult.’
885	As time runs out on U.S. government funding, an optimistic GOP Senator Bill Cassidy says remaining hang-ups to a bipartisan relief bill arenâ€™t crucial.
886	Aston (ATX) traded down 0.1% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0003 or 0.00000001 BTC.
887	A subsequent Bobulinski text message obtained by Fox News seems to support this.
888	As Udot came to meet with ABC News on Thursday he was ambushed by a crew from a pro-Kremlin television channel, NTV.
889	A Sunday Business Post/Red C poll of 3,700 people was carried out between last Wednesday and Friday.
890	A Super Bowl win would be the team's sixth and would make them only the third team in NFL history to reach that mark, following the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Patriots.
891	A survey conducted by Havas Media Group found the BBC was regarded as the most reliable brand during the crisis for 64% of the 1,500 people surveyed.
892	A survey has revealed that the most hated office jargon phrases are; touch base; sliding into DMs; thinking outside the box; and ‘spitballing’ ideas – how disgusting.
893	A swath of stormy weather will trace the periphery of a heat wave in parts of the U.S. this week.
894	"As we are months ahead of other states in our recovery and Oklahoma is open for business, many Oklahomans have returned to work or are in training to take on a new career.
895	As we have done over the past few years, reached out to OutWrite participants and asked for examples of their works to showcase.
896	As we know, “Old Town Road,” perhaps better known as “Horses in the Back” by your lil’ nieces and nephews, was the song that could not and would not stop streaming last year.
897	As we know, there is no marriage, family, or reproductive issue that Joe Biden is on the same page with the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB).
898	As we move into yet another decade, the concern of this piece is to identify 4 major areas we must concentrate efforts if Nigeria wants to be relevant in the comity of Nations in another decade.
899	As we noted at the time, this might not be a problem for everyone - pull the curtains or move with a laptop to a darker room and the issue is averted, but it's not ideal.
900	As with President Trump's visit on Tuesday, there were mixed feelings about Joe Biden's presence in Kenosha Thursday.
901	As with Russia’s overall of confirmed coronavirus cases – as of May 5, over 155,000 cases and 1,451 deaths — the figure seems suspiciously low.
902	As world leaders and CEOs met at the annual World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, in January 2020, Greenpeace rightly accused them of hypocrisy over the climate emergency.
903	As you near your last year of trick or treating, though, sometimes jokes aren’t enough.
904	As you probably know because it was reported in the Douglas County Herald, we will have a School Board Election in April.
905	As you saw above, the traditional stock markets are taking a beating right now, through no fault of anyone but a virus.
906	As Yuan said in the blog, Zoom use literally “ballooned” overnight–“far surpassing what we expected when we first announced our desire to help in late February.”
907	At 2pm AEDT (10pm ET) polls close in two competitive states with six electoral votes each: Iowa and Nevada.
908	At 5 p.m., the dollar stood at ¥105.63-63, down from ¥105.67-67 at the same time Wednesday.
909	At 6,000 strong, Puyallup tribal members have an advantage over the rest of the community.
910	At 90, black intellectual Thomas Sowell weighed in on the matter of school choice with his book “ and Their Enemies.”
911	At a glance you might categorise the NuraLoop as a pair of neckband in-ears.
912	At a hustings during the election last year, Jenrick told voters: “I helped to secure a £25m town deal which I hope will improve the public realm and make the town centre a more attractive place to spend time in.”
913	At a massive showing near the Philadelphia Museum of Art and its famous “Rocky” steps, protesters chanted “No justice, no peace!” before heading for City Hall.
914	At any moment we can make a decision to change.
915	At a restaurant, that may equate to skipping the wait or tasting a special menu item first.
916	“At a time when in-person gatherings are no longer possible, we feel it’s more important than ever to encourage our audiences to stay engaged culturally and artistically while we weather important social distancing guidelines,” Jackson said.
917	“At Central Lakes College, we take our mission to ‘build futures’ seriously, putting students at the center of all that we do.
918	At Denver restaurants Beast + Bottle and Coperta, co-owner Paul Reilly is “listening to local leaders who are saying, ‘Stay home,’ ” and opting to temporarily close down all indoor and outdoor dining.
919	A teacher associated with the school uses a wide variety of electronic tools to teach students who are enrolled in distant learning.
920	A team of Canadian researchers from Ontario have isolated and grown copies of the coronavirus, the agent responsible for the outbreak of COVID-19 that has spread worldwide, Gazette reporter René Bruemmer writes.
921	At first glance, this may not seem like a relevant thing.
922	At Hacienda Beer Co., Sampson knows to let the developing beer do its own thing and to plan accordingly.
923	A thing that is tended, protected in one’s travels, and is never allowed to go out.’
924	A third phase of trials will involve 40,000 volunteers from “different age and risk groups,” according to the paper.
925	A third said they currently spend all or almost all of their time in their accommodation.
926	At his trial at Wuerzburg District Court, he was asked by the juvenile judge what he thought about his actions and he replied: 'I didn't think anything,' according to the newspaper.
927	A thorough & transparent investigation is required," envoy Martin Griffiths tweeted, describing attacks on civilians as reprehensible.
928	A time before face masks: Maya-Camille Broussard at her Justice of the Pies stand at Daley Plaza in 2018.
929	At least 200 healthcare workers have died due to coronavirus throughout the pandemic, but dozens more cases believed to be unreported.
930	At least 541 people were shot, more than double the number in June 2019.
931	“At least 94 confirmed cases are connected to the Jamaat.
932	At least another 1.60 inches due over the next few days if not more.
933	At least one private college has continued sending students abroad to a handful of countries.
934	At least there’s been a lot of good free or low-cost alternatives—or barring that, the ability to rely on “dumb” gadgets or paying for products/software upfront with a one-time purchase.
935	“At least, they want to start repatriation as early as possible.
936	Atletico have been given special dispensation to sign Kondogbia by organising body La Liga after Arsenal signed Thomas Partey just before the window closed by activating his 50-million-euro release clause.
937	At midnight tonight, Ireland as a whole will move to Level Five of the Government's 'Living With Covid Plan'.
938	At my polling place, all I have to do is verbally tell them my name and I get a ballot.
939	At no time did the IMC pay out more than N4 billion for Lassa Fever contracts as alleged.
940	A Toll spokesperson said the logistics environment was "complex and challenging" because of shutdown measures in various countries.
941	At one moment, senior administration officials have depicted U.S.-China competition in starkly ideological terms, as a looming global showdown between freedom and authoritarianism.
942	“At one point, my clientèle got conscious about toxins in products and gave me a list of ingredients to avoid.”
943	At only 52g, this is one of the lightest top-end EDC pocket knives around and it’s American-made in Oregon.
944	A total of 2.63 million viewers tuned in across Fox Sports and Nine Network for the opening six games of round one, however that dropped slightly to 2.6 million in round two despite many fans being forced to watch from home.
945	A Transport Scotland spokeswoman said: “CalMac pay policy sits outside the coverage of the Scottish Government’s pay policy and, as such, this is a matter for CalMac and the unions concerned.
946	At Rockingham Park Mall in Salem, tape on the floor directs customers which way to walk and where to stand for social distancing.
947	A.T.S”. Actress and model Kuljeet Randhawa put an end to her life by hanging herself in her apartment in Mumbai.
948	“Attempts are being made to create a controversy around Pakistan Army as an institution,” he said.
949	Attendees wishing to provide comments will be permitted to phone in. All comments made at the public hearing must be made through the WebEx Event platform.
950	At that point Cotton had 26 points, Kay had 20 and Ware was still yet to score.
951	At that point, we believe the markets will enter another consolidation period and begin to move sideways.
952	"At that time of my life, I didn't know what my future would hold," she said, adding "I wanted to finish where it all started."
953	At the age of 25, he met wrestler Bobo Brazil in Michigan and decided to train under him.
954	At the bare minimum, the Rapids likely need four points to make the playoffs, and six points would all but guarantee it.
955	At the end of every January, Ouray Ice Park is host to an ice festival.
956	At the end of next week, Alexis is going to mouth off to the wrong person.
957	At the end of regulation, the Huskies had done it 80-65.
958	“At the end of the day, NDGers are the ones who are losing out and I believe that this had been dealt with much earlier, we wouldn’t be here.
959	At the end of the day, we have to make sacrifices in our developments.”
960	At the five-minute mark, the bomb detonates.
961	At the HOP Office, with Kim temporarily leaving the village Jamie joins Jai to interview the candidates for the management job at The Hide.
962	At the meeting, City Attorney Tom Pearson noted that the city’s options are fairly limited in the event of mayoral discipline.
963	At the museum, hundreds of students, soldiers, office workers and cadres were visiting in organized groups, unfurling party flags to take photos at the entrance.
964	At the Open, Tiger was next to me on the range and I saw him top two three-woods, one after another, that you wouldn’t see a 25-handicapper do.”
965	At the rally in Atlanta, pro-Trump attorney Lin Wood took the microphone to tell the crowd that last month's election, won by Joe Biden, had been manipulated.
966	At the same time, it’s not smart enough to avoid cables, which is a little disappointing.
967	At the same time, some church leaders remained excited about Missouri even late in the 20th century.
968	At the same time, zoning changes throughout the Island allowed for greater density in those areas that made sense.
969	At the time of the debate, the audio was not broadcast.
970	At the time of the filing, the league listed assets valued at between $10-$50 million, and liabilities also between $10-$50 million.
971	"At the very core of our return-to-testing plan is the health and safety of our athletes and our sample collection personnel," said CCES President and chief executive Paul Melia.
972	“At this level, understanding the basics will help kids to build that confidence to start trying to do other things outside of class time.”
973	At this moment, rich and poor are caged in the same Zoo.
974	At this month’s free DIY event next Tuesday, January 21 from 1-2pm, you’ll make plastic bottle paper holders to store loose papers, mail and more, and help you declutter and become more organized in the new year.
975	“At this time, however, most people in the United States will have little immediate risk of exposure to this virus.
976	At WeWork, for example, corporate ‘Enterprise’ clients – businesses with 500 or more employees – accounted for 40 per cent of all memberships as of 2019, while individual offices comprise more than 80 per cent of its space.
977	A two-day hearing began this week to decide if a former University of Kansas student convicted of rape will get a new trial.
978	A typical on-field practice week in the NFL consists of three, two-hour sessions.
979	Auburn already had earned a double-bye to the quarterfinals.
980	Audette says the month caps off with a presentation about a seldom seen but amazing bird in our area.
981	Audiences are bizarrely unkind to space operas that aren't called "Star Wars," which is a shame because "Valerian" is one of the best in the genre.
982	Aug. 1 (UPI) -- A watchdog has accused President Donald Trump's senior policy advisor, Stephen Miller, of violating the Hatch Act.
983	Aug. 3 through Aug. 7 with a session from 1 to 2 p.m. daily for ages 6 to 7 and a session from 2:30 to 4 p.m. daily for ages 8 and older.
984	Aung May Yee, a regional MP, posted on Facebook that five cars filled with Chinese workers had arrived at a copper mining project near Letpadaung town from across the border and it was her “national duty” to alert authorities.
985	A U.S. missionary, identified as Philip Walton, 27, was rescued by SEAL Team 6 in a commando raid that killed all but one of seven kidnappers, U.S. officials said.
986	Austin Barnes’ run-scoring single in the fifth inning helped break a scoreless tie and launch the Dodgers to a 3-0 win over the Milwaukee Brewers.
987	Australian activism is an indispensable element in its own defence; Australian competence in planning and building would be even better.
988	Australian Federal Police also are examining the matter.
989	“Australian organizations are currently being targeted by a sophisticated state-based cyber actor,” Morrison told reporters.
990	Australian swimwear company TJ Swim gave their approval with a heart-eye emoji.
991	Australia Post has admitted the four Cartier watches spent on senior staff totalled $19,950, not the $12,000 originally revealed.
992	Australia's Cameron Percy is joint leader of the PGA's Safeway Open, a four-under 68 setting up the Victorian for a final-round assault on Sunday.
993	Australia's S&P/ASX 200 climbed 0.5% to 6,696.30 and the Shanghai Composite index was flat, at 3,395.
994	Austria is seeing the start of a "second wave" of coronavirus infections, the country's leader said Sunday, urging citizens to comply with reinforced rules to keep down new cases and suggesting that companies keep employees working from home if possible.
995	Austrian police detained 14 people in the wake of the shooting, the first major attack in the country for decades and the first blamed on a jihadist.
996	“Authentic and honest, she taught us the importance of persevering, even when things get tough.”
997	Authorities described Williams as a predatory opportunist and admitted scammer, who lied with regularity.
998	Authorities in Argentina, Chile and Brazil placed ships on quarantine after reports of positive coronavirus tests.
999	Authorities in northeast Spain have ordered the lockdown of a county around the city of Lleida due to worrying outbreaks of the COVID-19 virus.
1000	Automatic Data Processing (NASDAQ:ADP) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 29th.
1001	Autopsies’ results are being handled by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation.
1002	Available at the conference was a brochure from its good offices extolling the merits of greater quantities of carbon dioxide, explaining how that would improve “our lives and our planet Earth”.
1003	Available for rental on DVD at and Netflix DVD.
1004	Available positions include administrative support associates (in-store), drivers (class 1 and 3), sales associates, receiving clerks, stockers, customer service associates, cashiers, and lumber yard clerks.
1005	Avatar: The Last Airbender, combatants are frequently hit with rocks, water, ice and fireballs without sustaining any visible injuries.
1006	Averhart, a former U.S. Marine, said the national security of the country should never be set aside to keep a campaign promise.
1007	Avery Heath Care Group, which owns Elvy Court, paid tribute after Vicky's tragic death.
1008	A veteran law enforcement officer in Charleston, South Carolina, campaigning to unseat her boss has vowed to root out racial bias in the 900-member Sheriff’s Department and rebuild trust in the Black community.
1009	A veteran unionist and environmentalist, Mr Mundey died on the weekend, aged 90.
1010	A video that went viral this week showed a Chinese-Australian woman being confronted by police in Beijing after she evaded quarantine in order to exercise.
1011	Avigdor Feldman, a civil rights lawyer who worked with Tsemel on a major case involving interrogation methods, says that Tsemel truly believes that trials can be balanced.
1012	A village in Co Longford is celebrating the arrival of 20 piglets to a first-time mother.
1013	A villager steers a boat near the future site of the Luang Prabang dam on the Mekong River in Luang Prabang province, Laos, on Feb. 5, 2020.
1014	A virtual open house will be held on January 21st, 2021 at 5:30 p.m. Those interested in learning more should attend the information session.
1015	A visit from a high-profile U.S. leader helps amplify the narrative.
1016	Avoid close physical contact.
1017	Avoid unnecessary contact with people, especially those who may carry the virus, wash your hands often, and don’t cough on other people.
1018	A volunteer firefighter working to put out fires in the Pantanal in late August.
1019	A watchdog report on Wednesday concluded that President 's ambassador to Britain, one of the top diplomats of any U.S. administration, has made improper comments during his tenure in London on sensitive topics including race, religion and sex.
1020	A water-filled antitank ditch fronted the building, and all the roads leading to the Reichstag and the Königsplatz were mined.
1021	A week later, they’d welcome in to Kansas City.
1022	A well-known expat, Giblain's connections are vital to his company's work with local landowners.
1023	A win over the Eagles would probably have fans feeling great considering their last one came back in 2016.
1024	A witness, who captured a portion of the incident on video, said the officer approached the vehicle’s back seat and then pulled out a gun.
1025	A woman and a toddler were found fatally shot in Baltimore Friday.
1026	A woman has been arrested following the death of a man in a fatal assault in Wexford that occurred in the early hours of this morning.
1027	A woman in her 20s, from Birmingham, and a man in his 30s, from Wolverhampton, have both been arrested and are still in custody.
1028	A year filled with Ghosts, Hades and Fall Guys.
1029	Azerbaijan has continued to fire on civilian settlements throughout the day today.
1030	Azimuth Capital Management LLC decreased its holdings in General Electric (NYSE:GE) by 4.1% in the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.
1031	“Baby Shark” became an international hit as it acquired the 32nd spot on the Billboard Hot 100 in January 2019.
1032	Back in August 2018, Kroenke – who has a net worth of £9.7bn, which is £1.2bn more than Dangote’s £8.5billion – took complete control of Arsenal by paying £550million for Alisher Usmanov’s stake in the club.
1033	Back in David’s orchard, blue and green nets are laid out beneath the apple trees ready to catch the fruit when it falls.
1034	Back in March 2012, Barkley said: 'I think the biggest problem has been I don't know if he has hired enough people around him who he will listen to.
1035	Bade Achhe Lagte Hain and Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi joins the long list of shows which have made a comeback during the lockdown.
1036	Baer said representatives were working with Beshear’s office to try to get the order amended to make anyone who has been tested or has quarantined after possible COVID-19 exposure automatically qualify for workers’ compensation.
1037	Bahujan Samaj Party president on Sunday said that like in BJP-ruled Uttar Pradesh, a ‘jungle-raj’ also prevailed in Congress-ruled Rajasthan.
1038	Balaram said considering the novel mechanism of the molecule, the company expects much better results in the clinical trials compared with dexamethasone.
1039	“Baldrick sensed that Zoe was ready to give birth and even put on a little extra weight to give him the energy to care for the twins.
1040	Ballots will go in the mail in July and must be back at the party’s headquarters by Aug. 21. A winner will be announced shortly after.
1041	Bangladeshi doctor reportedly gets Covid-19 for the THIRD time - but top scientists say it's unlikely you.
1042	Bank of America reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $450.00 price objective on shares of Broadcom in a report on Friday, September 4th.
1043	Banks should be gently prodded to …
1044	Barb Schmitt of Minnetonka said that her 7 a.m. trip to Cub was the first time she had been to the grocery store in two weeks.
1045	Barcelona has announced their squad to face Mallorca in tonight’s La Liga clash at the Iberostar Stadium.
1046	Barely four days after President Muhammadu Buhari told Service Chiefs that their best was not good enough, Chief of Army Staff, Lt-Gen.
1047	Barnette learned that the ship had sent a radio distress call that helped him determine that it was near St. Augustine before it disappeared.
1048	Barrett lives in South Bend and is a professor at Notre Dame University.
1049	Barthel with a flying elbow.
1050	Bartomeu who has already served two terms will not run for another position in office and has called for elections three months ahead of schedule in March 2021.
1051	Based on the CBI case, ED registered a case of money laundering in the matter.
1052	Based on the limited information available, the risk of animals spreading SARS-CoV-2 to people is considered to be low, Taylor said.
1053	Basud Police are suspecting the woman is suffering from Postpartum Depression.
1054	Batman: Who Is Gotham’s Newest Villain, the Underbroker?
1055	BAYSAR asked the community for donations following the November 6 to permit the expansion into OPP jurisdictions.
1056	BBC and BT Sport have made their picks and will feature both potential giant-killings and all-Premier League ties.
1057	BBC Studios is making a TV series with Greta Thunberg.
1058	BBNaija winner, Mercy Eke, has taken to social media to celebrate Mike Edwards on his 30th birthday.
1059	BC Liberal Leader Andrew Wilkinson is set to release the party’s long-awaited election platform Tuesday — and the timing couldn’t be any worse.
1060	BCSF has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports.
1061	Beaches in Los Angeles County were officially reopened May 13 for exercise and activity, officials announced, as long as beachgoers wear masks and practice physical distancing.
1062	Beaches up and down the Southern California coast are closing down for the Fourth of July holiday weekend amid a spike in coronavirus cases and hospitalizations.
1063	“Bearing in mind that poverty tops on the sustainable development goals, we call on government to draft a robust social security policy that will protect her citizens bearing in mind that a lot of Nigerians are living below the poverty line,” he charged.
1064	Bear in mind that it is important to have a holistic view of your entire balance sheet before making this decision, and it is not one that can be taken in isolation.
1065	Bear with me as I try to explain it in the next few points below.
1066	Be as it might, in venwear.
1067	Beasley, 23, is not participating in the voluntary group workouts the Wolves are currently undertaking, their first workouts as a team since the NBA postponed its season March 11 because of the coronavirus pandemic.
1068	Beatrice wore a vintage dress by Norman Hartnell - on loan from The Queen, who first wore the dress in 1962 - adding the Queen Mary diamond fringe tiara to complete the look.
1069	Beaudin is still missing to this day.
1070	“Because all of these years I’ve been in here and I’ve been screaming and I’ve been telling people that I’m innocent and I’m not supposed to be here but my voice was never heard,” he said.
1071	Because Cam knew how to put his shit together, Jim knew how to dress, but Juelz used to go crazy.
1072	Because if you only can hire the Black people for the Black movie, are you saying they’re not good enough when you have a mostly white cast?"
1073	Because it always happens like that: things begin in the capital city and spread to the entire country.”
1074	"Because of all the incredibly negative effects, the sooner the better," he said.
1075	Because of our age it hit her harder than the boys.
1076	Because of Rachel's outburst, Lee starts to push Elle away.
1077	Because of these, customers are going to want to pay attention to the processor listed when they go out to purchase a new machine in 2021.
1078	Because she works in the school system in Alberta, she was required to get a COVID-19 test, which she did Nov. 14. She received word Nov. 18 her test was positive — she had COVID-19.
1079	Beef was higher and pork was lower on the on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
1080	Been to the Goldstone ground too.
1081	Beer and spirits have always made an easy holiday gift appreciated by many.
1082	Beerguy: Stud Gerbil: Everyone's seen Merkel's muff from when she was much younger.
1083	Before Butler enacted a shelter-in-place order, she went into the office on Monday, Wednesday and Friday for a few hours and was able to help anyone who came in.
1084	Before Fort, Bilodeau was head coach of Class 4A North Marion (Ore.) High School from 2012-17.
1085	Before going to Liverpool on sponsorship of British Oxygen Company in 1972, Frederick got married to Iyabo and separately travelled to Liverpool where he covered his studies in half of the time he had bursary for.
1086	Before I knew it, Olympia was in my arms.
1087	Before launching this program last year, he treated patients in shelters and on the street in and around Allentown, Penn., where he lived, for more than a decade.
1088	Before that, Kleeb was founder of Bold Nebraska, the grassroots organization that played a key role in nurturing grassroots opposition to the Keystone XL Pipeline, which in turn helped revitalize the climate change movement.
1089	Before the pandemic, a group of 6 to 10 Muslims would gather every Tuesday and Thursday evening for 90 minutes at the green-walled Mosque of Islamic Brotherhood in New York City.
1090	“Before they intubated him they said he’s got less than a 50% chance and that’s really, really hard to hear.”
1091	Before you start decluttering, go through your possessions and get ready to say goodbye.
1092	Beginning around 2009, I was suddenly available not just during work hours, but also while making dinner or watching a movie before bed.
1093	Beijing is trying to drive a wedge between Brussels and Washington.
1094	“Being a small island, we had to travel to do anything, go anywhere.”
1095	“Being in Nickel Creek just felt like part of growing up to us,” Sara said.
1096	Being lied to by your partner sucks but being gaslighted is as malicious as Patti Lupone telling Madonna she’s a ‘movie killer’.
1097	Being the token Māori is exhausting.
1098	Being treated at home… people don’t want to go to a hospital,” he said.
1099	Be it related to building strategies of learning and teaching, devising curriculum that is in par with the modern world, to the actual application of those in the classical classroom setting.
1100	Belasco says that the power and assistance of Necrosis can be gained if Ketch defeats Necrosis in combat.
1101	Belgium introduces drastic physical-distancing measures after infection surge.
1102	Belichick finished second to Mighty Heart in the $1-million Queen's Plate on Sept. 12 and was listed as the 7/2 second choice for the Breeders' Stakes, which goes Saturday at Woodbine Racetrack.
1103	Belichick is determined to beat Shula’s record and Brady will retire, with the Patriots, after his seventh Super Bowl victory!
1104	Belle Vernon has made the semifinals the past three years.
1105	Beloved husband of Barry, dearly loved son of George and Valerie and much loved brother of Iain, Christopher and Stephen.
1106	Beloved Newfoundland comedian ) was the perfect choice for guest host this week, doling out detailed feedback and advice on improv to the queens after the realness.
1107	Below is an unedited message we received from a concerned Gambian.
1108	Below is the full communique from the Financial Intelligence Unit which was sent to Cyril Nyatsanza, the chief executive officer of Zimswith Technologies which iHarare is publishing in full.
1109	Be mindful and ready to compromise and be more accommodating than usual.
1110	Ben Caspit has the scoop here on an Israeli regional peace project initiated by Israeli opposition leader four years ago that included quiet back channel talks with the United States, Egypt, the UAE and the Palestinians.
1111	Benchmark Thai white rice prices have already hit their highest level in eight years.
1112	Beneath the façade and posturing, the fear-mongering and dissembling, a single question – seemingly marginal and procedural — occupies the minds of both parties’ leaders: How many representatives will each have in the Knesset Arrangements Committee?
1113	Ben is done and Bruce I’m sure still has connections there.
1114	Ben Stokes and team celebrate the wicket of Anrich Nortje during day five of the second Test between South Africa and England.
1115	BERGEN, N.Y. (WHEC) — New York State Police have identified the woman killed Monday while she was running along State Route 262 in Bergen.
1116	Berkeley’s Life Sciences department 76% of applicants because their diversity statements failed to impress.
1117	Bernd Leno, Kepa Arrizabalaga and Ben Foster could only manage one save each, but hey, at least they tried!
1118	Bernie speaks to me and my generation!
1119	Bertie will celebrate his 82nd birthday on Friday, 24 July.
1120	Besides issuing food passes for Metro Manila and other high-density areas, the agencies set-up a separate lane in the checkpoints and tool gates for vehicles ferrying food, fishery and agricultural products and needs.
1121	Besides, it can even impact how long the IRS has to audit.
1122	Besides supervising Conditional Cash Transfer, NASSCO also co-ordinates Youth Employment and Social Support Operations and Community and Social Development Project.
1123	Bester was also very religious, which had an impact on the schooling.
1124	Best has repeatedly said it is her prerogative to have officers return to the precinct as soon as possible.
1125	Best wee I have taken in my 25 years, 11/10 would piss again!
1126	Be sure to review photos and descriptions of common hemlock woolly adelgid look-alikes at Help in identifying eastern hemlock trees is also available at the same site.
1127	• Be sure to tell someone where you are going and when you expect to be back.
1128	Between 25 and 30, an adult is considered overweight.
1129	Between the seventh and 15 minutes, during which time Stephen O’Keeffe pulled off a sensational double save, Limerick landed four unanswered points.
1130	Between the wheels, the 2021 Elantra spans more than 107 inches, which is about an inch longer than before.
1131	Beveridge wanted to discourage idleness, but his system focused on ensuring it would be possible - but not particularly desirable - to live without work.
1132	Beverly Diane Hamilton Humphrey, 69, of Indianapolis and formerly of Madison, Indiana, died Saturday, Jan.
1133	Beyonce is one of only the four solo female headliners in Coachella's 20-year history.
1134	Beyond disabling security tools and transferring and executing files, the hackers would have the ability to harvest user credentials and monitor keystrokes, even as they searched for ways to gain even greater power within the network.
1135	Beyond that, he never felt the need to explain himself to my mum, and I never got much of an explanation either.
1136	Beyond the $1.5 million to make roof and exterior repairs at the historic and iconic Depot in downtown Duluth, now known as the St. Louis County Heritage and Arts Center.
1137	Beyond which it is hard not to conclude that this has been a poor Premier League field, as evidenced by the fact Leicester’s pre-Christmas cavaliers were Liverpool’s closest challengers all season.
1138	“Bharat is very hot-headed and abuses everyone in sight once he is drunk.
1139	Bharti Singh further reveals that she is going to tell the audience the truth.
1140	Biden accidentally tells South Carolina crowd he's a Dem candidate 'for the United States S…
1141	BIDEN: Bernie's implication is somehow I'm being funded by millionaires.
1142	Biden enjoys a six-point edge in Michigan and Nevada, according to a CBS News/YouGov poll.
1143	Biden last walked the marbled halls as a senator more than a decade ago.
1144	Biden’s age — he’d be the oldest person ever elected president — and questions about whether he’ll pursue a second term have put more focus on the vice president pick.
1145	“Biden’s political approach has been vindicated in these results,” said Wear, who helped lead a bipartisan super PAC this fall that aimed to undercut Trump’s Christian support.
1146	Biden’s strongest moments came when he stressed unity and healing.
1147	Biden would not be the presumptive nominee if not for his victory in South Carolina, and black voters — particularly black women — are critical to the party’s prospects in the general election.
1148	Bidou retired last year, while Sampayan went on to claim Whitney's "reputation was soiled by those that did not want any 'dirty laundry' aired."
1149	Bieži mamma saka – es zinu, ka es slikti daru, bet man vajag, lai kāds to pasaka.
1150	Big questions for the new president of the American Constitution Society, Russ Feingold.
1151	BIKTARVY can increase the concentration of drugs that are substrates of OCT2 or MATE1.
1152	Bill 10 selling point has been about how it provides for women, youth and the physically disabled to have representation in parliament without assuring representation/membership of the said disenfranchised groups to cabinet – this is a serious neglect.
1153	Billie Eilish doing the James Bond theme song at just 18 years old is something that needs to be celebrated.
1154	Bill Post is the nominating chairman for District 11, which includes Cottonwood, Jackson, Lincoln, Lyon, Murray, Nobles, Pipestone, Redwood, Renville and Rock counties.
1155	Bishnoi drops him at long off.
1156	“Bjorn is forced to act quickly in the aftermath of the election for the King of all Norway,” the synopsis reads.
1157	Blackler was drinking with Mr Fahey at the victim’s Brockville home on October 25, 2016, when the attack occurred.
1158	Black Lives Matter-led vigil outside DA Jackie Lacey’s office with families who have lost loved ones to police & sheriff’s deputies.
1159	BlackRock Inc. now owns 7,760,098 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,050,572,000 after acquiring an additional 258,375 shares in the last quarter.
1160	Black student-athletes at UM create school's.
1161	Blalock hopes SCDMH’s new mobile services can help alleviate some of the mental health issues people may experience from these unrelenting circumstances.
1162	“Bloomberg lying about not having a house in a tax haven!
1163	Bluepoint Games seems to have had some freedom in recreating this 2009 classic.
1164	Blunt, Ed.D., CSP, is a safety sciences professor and chair of the School of Geoscience, Physics and Safety at the University of Central Missouri (UCM), where she has been a faculty member since 1999.
1165	BMO Capital Markets Lowers Wells Fargo & Co Price Target to $36.
1166	BM: What has been the impact of the lockdown on jobs?
1167	Board staff confirm that there will be plastic shields separating all students in kindergarten to Grade 3 when they are sitting at their desks.
1168	Bobby is left fighting for his life and requires emergency surgery.
1169	Bob Stockton died May 13, 2020, when he was struck by a car while jogging on Victoria Avenue in Riverside, police said.
1170	Body aches, sore throat and a headache are all possible, but not guaranteed.
1171	Boeing says the 737 Max is the fastest-selling airplane in its history.
1172	Boffins at the University College London detected a “noticeable increase” in the heart rates of guinea-pig cinemagoers who sat through a two-hour film and described it as “equivalent to a light form of cardio”.
1173	Boise State came in late, but otherwise the prospectus of Lance being a quarterback who could come out early for the NFL Draft after just one season as the Bison starter seemed outrageous.
1174	Bollier said she doesn’t support Medicare for All, but does support a public buy-in option.
1175	Bollywood actor Alia Bhatt said it is time to "strongly oppose any ideology that seeks to divide, oppress and promote violence".
1176	Bolt’s victory in the 100 four years ago began a stretch of dominance by Jamaica, an island nation of 3 million people about 1 percent as many as the U.S. that now owns seven of the last eight Olympic men’s and women’s sprinting golds, including relays.
1177	Boohoo was one of the fastest-growing retailers in Britain.
1178	Borat is revealed as an unwitting patient zero for the coronavirus.
1179	Boris Johnson was well enough to hold his regular audience with the Queen last night, Downing Street confirmed today.
1180	Boris Johnson 'worried about money on salary of £150,000'
1181	Born Aaliyah Dana Haughton on January 16, 1979, the talented star was born in Brooklyn and grew up in Detroit, Michigan, better known in music fans as “Motown,” which one can imagine had a profound impact on her influences as an artist.
1182	Born third in line to the throne, Harry’s stake on the centrepiece of royal power diminishes with each new birth in his family, a ghoulish algorithm which requires each generation elevate to regal power only on the occasion of a parent’s death.
1183	Bose says the Tempo plays "deeper and louder -- loud enough for cycling at 25 mph -- while still able to hear traffic and your training partners."
1184	BOSTON (AP/CBS) — Civil rights groups are asking police to pursue hate crime charges against two people accused of attacking a woman and her daughter who were speaking Spanish in a strongly Latino neighborhood in Boston.
1185	BOSTON (CBS) – Coronavirus concerns are already taking a bite out of business at local restaurants.
1186	Boston’s six wins on the season are the second fewest in all of baseball, ahead of only the four-win Pittsburgh Pirates.
1187	“Both business and consumer confidence are extremely low at the moment as a result of the impact of the lockdowns.
1188	Both countries also denied the accusation.
1189	Both countries have been pretty much leaderless for the past few years.
1190	Both creatures can pass as humans.
1191	Both excel at score assists, averaging 1.3 score per game over their careers.
1192	Both have their pros and cons, so the best is considered to be somewhere in the middle, maybe slightly towards the dry part.
1193	Both in petri dishes and animal models, the scientists were able to effectively guide the nanoparticles to the cancer cells.
1194	Both instances were minor by comparison.
1195	Both men have been unlawfully detained by the Chinese government for more than a year.
1196	Both options require further review and consultations with relevant stakeholders and development of a proposal which will include the scope of the project, timelines and costs.”
1197	Both profess to be “Hindutva” nationalists and the Supreme Court’s verdict in the Ayodhya judgement.
1198	Both teams battled to a 9-9 second quarter score with the Vikings leading 19-14 at the half.
1199	Both Trudeau and Deputy Prime Minister Chrystia Freeland acknowledged 3M’s message as a sign they would not be cutting off export markets any time soon.
1200	Both Uche and Jennings showed their versatility during camp, playing outside and inside.
1201	Boucher said summer school funding would be covered by the estimated $280,000 the district will receive in CARES Act funding from the state.
1202	Bowie had attempted to donate it to Iggy Pop, before reconsidering.
1203	Boyter said all those involved with the process were engaged and shared progressive feedback.
1204	Bradeen started with Milestone Recovery Oct. 12.
1205	Bradford said the challenge was difficult during the overnight hours, but hearing stories from other participants and how COVID-19 has impacted them was all the motivation he needed to keep riding.
1206	Brady, Julian Edelman, Wes Welker and Rob Gronkowski highlight the offensive team, while Vince Wilfork, Dont’a Hightower, Devin McCourty and Stephon Gilmore are among the best New England defensive players of the last 10 years.
1207	Brands from Christian Dior to Valentino are pressing ahead with collections and shows through an organized schedule of videos running from July 6-8.
1208	Brand value may be closer, or further away from the core consumer need – but that doesn’t necessarily distract from purchase intent.
1209	Bravo said his primary concern moving forward is ensuring that even those low-income communities that have limited or no digital connectivity remain part of the discussion.
1210	BREAKING: Family isolated for possible coronavirus on Spain’s Costa del Sol after.
1211	Brent crude has slid more than $2, or 3.36%, to $58.65 a barrel.
1212	Brian Irvine has high hopes for his former Ross County protégé Josh Reid.
1213	Brian Long was the primary carer for his mother before she passed away.
1214	Brianna Ruffin, a recent graduate of Churchville-Chili Senior High School, was selected among 15 candidates to receive the Polly F. Burke Scholarship totaling $3,500.
1215	Briefing the media after the cabinet meeting chaired by Prime Minister Imran Khan, Minister for Information and Broadcasting Shibli Faraz said Pakistan under the PM’s leadership set an exemplary precedent by tackling the corona pandemic.
1216	Brief Legal: The subject property is described as 6.582 acres in the SE quarter of Section 33 Township 27N Range 12E in Lancaster Township.
1217	Bringing back all 30 teams and resuming the regular season is an option.
1218	Bring your trash bins inside the gate, remove decorative door hangings and make sure your little ankle biter doesn't pee against the wind!
1219	Brioche might seem like an out of place pairing for beef stew.
1220	BRISBANE, Australia (AP) â€” Ashley Cooper, who won four Grand Slam singles titles including the Australian, Wimbledon and U.S. championships in 1958, has died.
1221	Brisbane have corrected themselves after a number of years.
1222	Britain has also pledged reduce its carbon emissions to net zero by 2050.
1223	Britain is "Taking Back Control."
1224	Britain's number of confirmed COVID-19 cases has more than tripled in the last three weeks, with infection rates rising across all age groups and regions.
1225	Britain’s state revenue agency, which got its scheme up and running only last week, says it is able to process up to 450,000 applications an hour, releasing cash to companies within six days.
1226	British passengers on board the Diamond Princess have repeatedly begged authorities to bring them home, saying they feel “desperate”.
1227	Brooks Brothers remains closed.
1228	Brora started the second half strongly and levelled on 57 minutes when Martin Maclean’s superb pass released Wagenaar, who squeezed the ball past Daniel Bell from an acute angle.
1229	Brown, who couldn’t hug her mother and remained in quarantine for several days after returning, said she is keeping in touch with other volunteers experiencing similar evacuation whiplash.
1230	BSE SME platform launched in March 2012 has so far 314 SMEs listed with a combined market cap of Rs 18,200 crore.
1231	BT Sport viewers will be given the option to listen to artificial crowd noise when the Premier League returns later this month.
1232	Buckingham Research raised their price target on shares of Mondelez International from $62.00 to $65.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 11th.
1233	BUDAPEST, Hungary — Hungary’s prime minister says restrictions on leaving the house will be gradually lifted, especially in the countryside areas where there are fewer coronavirus infections.
1234	Buena Vista Ski Area near Bemidji: 24- to 48-inch base, machine groomed, 18 inches of new snow in the past seven days.
1235	Buhari described the repeated attacks leading to the losses of several lives in the communities “as a disaster for the nation.”
1236	Buhari in a statement by Mr Femi Adesina, the Special Adviser to President on Media and Publicity, in Abuja on Sunday, joined Nigeria’s media industry in praying for abiding good health and strength for the media marshal.
1237	Buildings will open on Aug. 18, and voluntary testing will take place Aug. 25 and Aug. 26.
1238	Build your custom FanSided Daily email newsletter with news and analysis on Las Vegas Raiders and all your favorite sports teams, TV shows, and more.
1239	Bulgaria insists that instead of "Macedonian language" the formulation "the official language of the Republic of North Macedonia" should be used in the negotiating framework.
1240	Bureaucrats must always expand their fiefdom, and if that means you need to have a cold dark home while you are forbidden from having family over, tough luck.
1241	Bureau of Land Management lands, where in normal, non-apocalyptic Captain Trips times, you'd just go find a dispersed site out in the middle of nowhere and not worry about things other than water and trickle-charging.
1242	Burial will follow at the Ayers Family Cemetery.
1243	Burnett’s biggest contribution was his 41-yard diving reception in Week 17.
1244	Business groups were frustrated at how significant decisions were communicated, often at short notice.
1245	Business: Toyo Tire suspends production at White plant through April 18 because of virus impact.
1246	But 2 minutes and 40 seconds after Cody McKinney finished an easy layup on a feed from Kyle Gruhler, the Storm walked away from the 4A State quarterfinal Thursday as 65-64 losers.
1247	But after Minnesota became a state in 1858, American entrepreneurs wanted to exploit the area’s timber and mineral resources.
1248	But, again, it’s a mindset.
1249	But a glance at President Trump reminds him of a different UK icon: Tinky Winky.
1250	But along with the benefits of real estate ownership come asset and property management responsibilities.
1251	But also, is Bane the most imitated film character in recent memory?
1252	But amid the grim daily tallies of deaths in nursing homes or elders living in fear and isolation, they offer a counternarrative of resourcefulness and perseverance.
1253	But a new report suggests things aren’t quite going to go the way many people may have expected.
1254	But another option is a ban on bubbles, which allow up to 30 people from two households to meet indoors except for in the North West.
1255	But an overwhelming amount of followers have praised Tuncdoruk’s partner for his “adorable” reaction, which was also caught on camera.
1256	But AOC and company were having none of that.
1257	But a report published by the London Imperial College’s MRC Centre for Global Infectious Disease Analysis claimed there are likely “substantially more cases” of the new coronavirus than have been formally reported.
1258	But as is the usual case in the country with some of the worst healthcare systems of any high-income nation, there’s been a bit of line cutting.
1259	But, as the “Jewish baby stroller” example shows, a data void doesn’t have to appear empty of information entirely—it just has to be empty of good, trustworthy information.
1260	But at first bush, the Z Flip could top it.
1261	But at one point, Avdija slipped to admit he’s “a great shooter’’ but is disappointed at his 55 percent free-throw shooting.
1262	But at SystemSpecs, we prefer to maintain our steady growth and keep innovating.
1263	But at the same time, opportunities like Scopely don’t come up every day.
1264	But a unique type of poll from Penn State’s McCourtney Institute for Democracy allowed us to begin tracking the development and transmission of these memes.
1265	But because of COVID-19 restrictions, Tuesday’s session was limited to a video conference in which police spokespeople responded to written questions.
1266	But beyond all of the concerns over academic honesty and your absolutely fucked browser history, I’ve been able to use Honorlock in a way no one has ever thought of before.
1267	But boxing will return.
1268	But by his side we also have Samuel Richardson, whose novel “” was a blueprint for how chaste women should behave in the face of avid pursuit, encouraging a zeal for housewifery.
1269	But, by moving forward with an indigenous hypersonic platform, Indian is increasing pressure on Beijing.
1270	But by public reckoning, he couldn’t have been more wrong.
1271	But Cartier’s attorney, public defender Lisa Middleman, called the tactic ‘excessive’ and for the charges against Cartier to be dropped.
1272	But, certainly in the political controversies during Reconstruction, Southerners reacted strongly to the federal government spending funds to take care of black people.
1273	But China is getting a gift from Tesla, too: a promise to open an R&D facility in China and tap domestic talent to design cars for the local market.
1274	But companies will always be guided by their balance sheets.
1275	But deep inside our mind, we start to ask ourselves queries related to is Tryviviscal com legit?
1276	But delivering a political speech from a hallowed Civil War battlefield, albeit one located in a GOP-heavy region of a crucial swing state, could prove controversial as well.
1277	But Democrats said the affair wouldn’t matter: Cunningham was still winning, and voters were focused on health care and not his personal life.
1278	But divisions they were not given advance notice of the extra funding or the delayed start to class.
1279	But during a decade of hard, sharp corners in pop music from Madonna to Prince to Cyndi Lauper, Houston’s “safe” sound on her 1985 debut, “Whitney Houston,” feels so pure, warm and natural.
1280	But even as an economics conundrum, there are solutions to be found in behavioural economics.
1281	But even as Prop prepares to leave their longtime address, they are gearing up for some of the most ambitious changes in their history, both structurally and aesthetically.
1282	But every player, I mean, is fighting something that’s un-winnable and that’s the aging process.
1283	But fellow Aussie Shane Thorne hopes to stop his momentum this Wednesday on NXT.
1284	But for brands that aspire to be in one or more of Neighborhood Goods’ rooms, it is not enough just to pay the fee.
1285	But, for many, perhaps the secret to its success could be the world's favourite dysfunctional family.
1286	But for one Storm fan, a real David and Goliath premiership story is unfolding in Melbourne.
1287	“But frankly, the old approach was pissing off a lot of people, too.”
1288	But from the very first days, it was clear that the Nazi plan had failed.
1289	But from the very first days, it was clear that the Nazi plan would fail.
1290	But, he added, “The number one priority is preservation of life, and that is nonnegotiable.”
1291	But he also said he intended to “nudge my caucus” to pass legislation banning the police tactics used to detain Mr. Floyd.
1292	But he argued that states that proactively send out ballots to voters are creating a system rife with fraud.
1293	But he became disillusioned with Israel’s philosophical foundation as a Jewish state after serving as deputy mayor of Jerusalem, with responsibility mainly for predominantly Arab East Jerusalem.
1294	But he has so damaged the party and the party brand, to Jeff’s point, all politics is national now.
1295	But he only lowered the unemployment bonus by $200.
1296	But he pointed to post-resurrection accounts of Jesus to alleviate concerns of parishioners.
1297	But here in the south east we got Holiday World and Splashin' Safari.
1298	But he said Dershowitz specializes in cases where the defense is difficult or unique, and the client unpopular.
1299	But, he said, the goal of the resolution is to keep people healthy and alive.
1300	But he showed disregard for his life, and we cannot accept that in our law enforcement officers.
1301	But his appeals last week, as he trailed badly in the polls and was desperate to turn the national conversation away from the coronavirus, were so blatant that one had to look to authoritarian nations to make comparisons.
1302	But his frustration was evident late Monday night.
1303	But I absolutely would love to sit down and chat with AB for all parts of my game.”
1304	But I also knew my constituents were good people who, with sincere dialogue, could come to see the issue the way I had — or at least respect my need to take a stand.
1305	But I can assure you that there’s just incredible collaboration because of the number of countries that U.S. health programs have impacted.
1306	But I contain myself.
1307	But I didn’t know Bruce Lee.
1308	“But I don’t think most people are taking this seriously, which is sad to me.”
1309	"But if Britain wants to lead by example, it should also urgently phase out support for oil and gas developments, which are pushing the world closer to climate chaos."
1310	But I feel much younger and thinner than I actually am.
1311	But I find my heart is way more invested in Malayalam now.
1312	But if this year’s pre-election polling is accurate and Trump is repudiated, his defeat may be attributed to a failure to adapt Truman’s blueprint for winning in spectacular, against-the-odds fashion.
1313	But if you do decide to pull one out of your ear, the music will pause automatically and resume when you put it back.
1314	But if you don’t, it’s not too late to free up all potential cash flow to build up a reserve.
1315	But if you're feeling really glitzy and want to spend $28 (originally $31.98), is also selling their own version of La Croix ornaments.
1316	But if you're going to do that, don't do an internet search of churches in the area.
1317	'But I had a disagreement with Boggs over corruption in Delaware and he told me: 'Get out of my office.
1318	“But I just don’t think I should hold back anymore.
1319	But I know too, that with each passing day you will reach further into your reserves – reserves that you have always thought finite – and discover strength of which you had never dreamed.
1320	“But immediately we began talking about different things that we could possibly do to keep our community engaged – and to just continue to share the joy and love of what it is to be a Sister.”
1321	But in 1997, she says, nobody you asked at Mattel could tell you what this small group of creatives, mostly women, were making in a separate office hidden away in an old rug factory down the street from Mattel’s headquarters.
1322	But in an interview with MSNBC, Fauci noted the discrepancies between his own comments and the president’s.
1323	But in my mind, I'm convinced that the Holocaust really killed him.
1324	But in order for them to be taking the right steps, they need clear, up-to-date information from government."
1325	But in recent years, the record sales have dried up as radio stations don’t play new music by legacy stars.
1326	But it also has harms such as diagnosing cancers that would never have gone on to cause any problems and missing some cancers.
1327	But I think, you know, there’s so many different ways that you have to make sure that people are protected intellectually and emotionally, and you really reframe this whole thing.
1328	But it is a remarkable achievement of African self-determination that, by 1979, US support for white racist interests in our region could be admitted as a tragedy by a US ambassador: That is what the editor of The Daily News failed to understand in 2012.
1329	But it likely means that, whatever happens between now and October, there won’t be a full stadium in Kansas City in the early weeks of the 2020 season.
1330	But it may not be sufficient.
1331	But it meant reading the article, which is a bit of punishment since it's the Daily Star.
1332	But it's also maybe not something that we kind of think about in terms of, like, our day to day.
1333	But it’s made using a different industrial process — one that doesn’t result in the direct release of greenhouse gases.
1334	But it’s worth hanging on for “What’s new, pussycat?
1335	But it was a new tradition for Emily’s best friend Hannah Kayali, 17, and her dad Jaime.
1336	But it would have to be at a distance.
1337	But I wasn't too swollen or even very bruised, and my needled décolletage looked only lightly stung.
1338	But I would never begrudge any American taking the advice of their physician.
1339	But, Jerabek said, the state can’t lose sight of academic achievement.
1340	But Lachlan Stuart, a personal friend of Corbyn who co-wrote the Labour manifesto, said Ms Long Bailey was ‘not fit to lead’ because of her views on trans.
1341	Butler University tells undergraduates that instruction will occur remotely for the first two weeks of the semester, starting Aug. 24, instead of in classrooms.
1342	But let me tell you something: You keep on working and you won't need a ticket into Tiger Stadium."
1343	But liberal Washington Post columnist has a warning for the former vice president: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has no interest in meeting him half way and will do everything he can to undermine Biden's presidency.
1344	But like the US, Canadian accents vary by region.
1345	But Liverpool are sure to fancy their chances after emerging as the dominant side in English football this season.
1346	But maintaining that consent in the coming weeks will only be possible if we are all involved in a grown-up national debate.
1347	But many schools are poorly ventilated.
1348	"But maybe I would have waited, and the return would have been worse.
1349	But Medical College of Wisconsin President and CEO Dr. John Raymond agrees with Barrett that asymptomatic testing should be done.
1350	But most are about routine matters: voters wanting to know where or when to vote, whether they can still register — yes, at any early voting location — or how to request a mail ballot.
1351	But Mr Ricard said the father's anger and statements in the videos were based on "inaccurate facts" because his daughter had not been in the relevant lessons.
1352	But Mrs. Hephzibah Oluwadare, Proprietress, City of David Orphanage, has some reservations over the practice of IVF in the search for children.
1353	But, nevertheless, there’s a conversionary zeal to the rabbi.
1354	But none of those incidents sparked the level of outrage as Mr. Ameri’s kiss.
1355	But no reader of can deny that its author did lay down his career and dared to listen to back row individuals and let them speak for themselves.
1356	But notice how indigenous people in developing countries face incursion into their ancestral lands and the robbing of natural resources by governments and resource-greedy corporations.
1357	But now, “COVID has made these issues all the more important.
1358	But on July 10, the couple set down during an episode of Pinkett-Smith's Red Table talk show on Facebook to address the rumours.
1359	But on Monday, Masuku denied involvement and said the allegation was “false and without any foundation”.
1360	But, on Sunday, Turkish Defence Minister Hulusi Akar said the country did not want conflict with Russia.
1361	But over again, President Trump has bragged about his plans to appoint judges who would "automatically" overturn Roe.
1362	But party co-leader James Shaw, who has until now been reluctant to weigh in on the saga surrounding the NZ First Foundation, stopped short of asking questions of governing partner New Zealand First.
1363	But PDP says the rail lines are leading us backwards by 60 years.
1364	But people should be aware of all these activities and should not involve directly.
1365	But permanent dye use was linked to a slightly increased risk for basal cell carcinoma (skin cancer), ovarian cancer and some forms of breast cancer.
1366	But previously the company said there was no evidence of the virus spreading within the plant where 650 people work.
1367	But Princess Haya, a half-sister of 's King Abdullah II, applied for the children to be made wards of court and filed a non-molestation order for herself.
1368	But problems, if they happen, will likely begin long before that date: the first sign of trouble could come as early as election day next Tuesday.
1369	But public health officials also wanted to prioritize those who were most at risk.
1370	But rather than a crowd of 19,000 Trump wanted, it will likely be much, much smaller.
1371	But rejoining isn’t going back to what we had before, it will be a completely new trade negotiation.
1372	But Republicans also agreed to expand eligibility for children to receive taxpayer-funded scholarships to attend private schools.
1373	But Santam says the lockdown has caused zero activity across all industries, irrespective of whether businesses had confirmed Covid-19 cases on their premises, and therefore it was an economic loss.
1374	But sensing opportunity, Democrats are outspending Republicans on Georgia’s airwaves by a million dollars in the final week of the campaign, according to Advertising Analytics.
1375	But she didn’t get what she deserved.
1376	But she knows her team must abide by social distancing rules and said they will leave any supplies outside of tents.
1377	But since the Covid-19 pandemic has caused lockdown around the world, usage of Zoom has "ballooned overnight", the company recently said.
1378	“But sometimes he has this illness that just comes upon him.
1379	But that could prove harder than it appears.
1380	But that doesn’t mean it all came easy.
1381	But that is not the excuse.
1382	But that option may be disappearing.
1383	But that rate is likely to change when it is rolled out and governments will be keen to ensure any dip in infections is sustained.
1384	"But that's enough for most places of business that want this for entrances or hallways."
1385	But that's probably the only thing I want to say.
1386	But the 90-minute debate, moderated by NBC’s Kristen Welker, was the scene of plenty of personal attacks between the opponents, whose mutual dislike was palpable.
1387	But the absence of a consistent, statewide standard around disclosure has sown confusion among many family members and caregivers.
1388	But the bag isn’t actually that big, and it holds a more than it appears to be able to.
1389	But the battle to reelection won’t be an easy pie for the former Bank Executive.
1390	But the boom in deliveries simply never happened.
1391	But the campaign cannot control the independent actions of any super PACs.
1392	But the characters remain utterly charming, particularly the young couple’s circle of friends, and the book is ultimately a sweet referendum on love’s ability to conquer all.
1393	But the clubs said they wanted to "bring clarity" to some of the issues.
1394	But the console's speed, a big concern for players and something that can't be patched up, isn't quite living up to expectations.
1395	But the County Health Director says enforcement is possible.
1396	But the deal, evidently, is not quite done.
1397	But the downside of committing to such slick presentations, which are often created days if not weeks in advance, is missing out on more-current events.
1398	But the final result is certainly hours, if not days away — possibly weeks if it turns into a legal fight.
1399	But the global pandemic immediately changed our way of life, all of us.
1400	But the good news is it's preventable — if motorists make smart choices.
1401	“But the invite to sing at the Unicef Snowflake Ball is something I will never forget and I’m so grateful that my time at university opened up these kinds of opportunities.
1402	But the late nature of the announcement on Thursday - made only a few hours before the new measures came into effect - left many confused.
1403	But the main work will continue on schedule.
1404	But the manner in which this happens in Ravichandranâ€™s debut feature elevates the film, makes fine, delicate connections between the living and the dead, family ties, and growing up.
1405	But the more we shut people down, the more it heightens our compelling need to hide mistakes due to our fear of social taboos.
1406	But the official arrival of winter doesn’t mean you have to be stuck inside.
1407	But the parade took place when the pandemic commonly called the Spanish flu — the H1N1 virus — arrived in the city of 1.7 million people.
1408	But the president also criticized the state of NASA under previous administrations.
1409	But the question is: Will risk averse banks lend to lower rated NBFCs?
1410	But there are some unexpected entries in the chart.
1411	But the recommendation – which is not mandatory, unlike the new public health order around hosting private gatherings in homes – does not apply to classrooms or offices that already have COVID-19 plans in place.
1412	But there is no easy answer.
1413	But the report offers no logical argument against the requirement.
1414	But there seems to be mixed messaging as cigarettes are easily available and affordable in North Korea.
1415	But there were several playbooks — infection prevention — all painstakingly developed in preparation for the inevitable next pandemic.
1416	But the scale of the stimulus that will be needed is gargantuan, and it will be better to err on the high side – at least 15-20% of GDP per year, for two to three years.
1417	But these are just excuses.
1418	But the star of the show is obviously the potatoes, with Andrew revealing he uses an OXO stock cube to create the ultimate finish for the humble spud.
1419	But the state requires grades to be posted sometime during the year.
1420	But the total number of shark bites is in line with the annual average over the past decade.
1421	But the truth is, all four officers were fired and subsequently arrested for murder.
1422	But the university also thrives off the people there.”
1423	But they amount to a formal manual for what the Catholic Church considers best practices — at a time when it has pledged to act with more transparency after years of bruising scandal.
1424	But they're finally opening October 24, and the location couldn't be more appropriate for travelers seeking wide-open spaces; you won't spot a single footprint on these beaches.
1425	But they said Wednesday that they would revise that plan to conform to the CDC guidance.
1426	But this model can be more expensive.
1427	But this time, the impact has rippled through corporate America, academia and the government with remarkable speed.
1428	But this week I thought it would be fun to practice making a broccoli dish for people who aren’t too fond of the green stuff.
1429	But those are lines of code that can be changed.
1430	But three years before that movie came out, he appeared in the episode "Bad Blood" of as Sheriff Hartwell.
1431	But to keep things interesting, try making your entertainment a part of your workout.
1432	But under its EU Withdrawal Agreement, Britain is meant to liaise with Brussels on any arrangements for Northern Ireland, which saw three decades of bloodshed until the 1998 Good Friday Agreement, and will become the UK's only land border with the EU.
1433	But videos from the event appear to show Steve Deleonardis, a newer member of the group, with his mask sometimes dangling around his neck while getting mobbed by hundreds of maskless fans.
1434	“But we can assure everybody, all our business partners and friends that the vision has come to stay.
1435	But we do know that even mild effects, like “brain fog” that some patients here and around the world describe, can last months.
1436	But we’re optimistic that the markets are going to improve, but there isn’t inherently something unusual going on in those – in that business.
1437	But we should not be surprised by Trump's desperate attempts to save himself by throwing democracy under the bus.
1438	But we've got to do something.
1439	“But we will also talk to the girls who were not present at the meeting today, besides the main complainant.
1440	“But we will continue to fundraiser because we also want funds to cover the costs for when the mural is removed.”
1441	But what is the alleged national-security threat that Hong Kong poses to China’s Communist regime?
1442	But what it's learning are the patterns of what success has looked like in the past.
1443	But when Ana de Armas was growing up, she had no trendy clothes, let alone designer wear.
1444	But when there is a global pandemic that threatens to kill millions of people at the same time that everyone is losing their jobs, it is clear that you have to just give everyone health care.
1445	But when they finally called our name, we felt super relieved and happy,” Marc said.
1446	But while emotions can be served raw, other parts of a movie need to be a little less half-baked.
1447	But while fielding questions from journalists, Obaseki said he will lose his integrity if he returns to the APC.
1448	But while Iran is able to obtain vaccines, challenges remain ranging from sanctions imposed under US President Donald Trump to the logistics of making mass vaccinations happen.
1449	But will the South African government and Sasol make the necessary moves?
1450	But with a bigger battery and a bigger display comes a device that for many will be just too big overall.
1451	But, without military involvement, “bomb” is just a metaphor and the campaign doesn’t stand a chance of success.
1452	But with the summit just two weeks away, I know we can and we will.
1453	But writing in the Daily Telegraph, the Bishop of Chelmsford Rt Rev Stephen Cottrell said more vicars would be streaming services from this week.
1454	But, you develop an arsenal over time and that’s what leads to an overall sense of feeling better.
1455	But you have to venture.
1456	But you’ll find it’s worth the effort.
1457	By 7:37 p.m., the board received a complaint that they were calculating results before the polls had closed.
1458	By April, occupancy was down to 10%.
1459	By August 2, however, more than three dozen of the legionnaires were home and suffering from a mysterious respiratory illness whose symptoms included severe coughs, diarrhea, muscle aches, headaches, severe chest pain and very high fevers.
1460	By Christmas, nearly 50% of the U.S. population will have access to an exposure notification app, doubling coverage from early October, according to Reuters’ review.
1461	By contrast, O’Brien has won the 1,000 Guineas six times and 36 British Classics.
1462	By downloading the Keychain mod players are able to create a separate tab inside the inventory that is only for keys, which frees up much more space.
1463	By engaging them to conduct essential legislative business, the government has ‘dignified’ these criminal gangs who first damaged the state by looting it, and are now damaging it by trying to save their illicit graft.
1464	“By investing in additional clinical staff specializing in substance use, addictions and mental health within HSC’s emergency department, we will improve patient care and emergency wait times for these patients.”
1465	"By its fruits, you shall know them.
1466	By Lyonel Doherty Times-Chronicle The province continues to monitor the.
1467	By offering inclusive classes, HashHackCode is building a community of coders who will be ready to take up short-term projects, says Manu.
1468	By penny-pinching and with help from family and friends, Diane was able to bring the mortgage arrears down to £2,000.
1469	By September 30, 2021, all other studies will be completed.
1470	By signing this petition, you will help the family get one step closer to getting justice for her.”
1471	By tapping into the public’s deep-seated economic anxiety, the Vermont senator has moved from fringe hero of the left to potential standard-bearer of the Democratic Party.
1472	“By the directive, schools and businesses are to shutdown activities accordingly.
1473	By the morning of January 9, jubilant Turkish forces held the whole peninsula.
1474	By the time the results are processed, the memo said, the people in question may have already been released, deported or transferred to another federal agency.
1475	“By the way, the states should have been building their stockpiles,” Trump said, reiterating that the federal government is “a backup.”
1476	By today's ticket prices, the movie would have earned around $1.29 billion.
1477	Bytom (BTM) traded up 13.7% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0505 or 0.00000913 BTC.
1478	BYUtv provides families more than 1,700 hours of entertaining and compelling programming they can enjoy together.
1479	By winning the final, Rublev improved to 39-7 for the season, matching Djokovic's number of wins.
1480	Caitlin McNulty: We no longer have like a table that we can eat at, like our couch is really hard to get to.
1481	Calling someone a conspiracy theorist is the modern version of calling someone a witch.
1482	Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War have received both buffs and nerfs since the game's release.
1483	Call the O’Loughlin Center to sign up at 659-3030.
1484	Came in a carrying case, like a shoulder bag, with a battery pack.
1485	Cameron Chase, daughter of a superhero and agent of the Department of Extranormal Operations, is an ideal character for a movie.
1486	Cameroon, Sudan, four each.
1487	Camosun College is continuing to monitor the coronavirus outbreak and is prepared for rapid response in cooperation with the Island Health Authority.
1488	Canada is bracing for millions of job losses because of Covid-19 – with those on short-term visas thought to be particularly vulnerable to facing unemployment.
1489	Canaday said that she is glad to see the continued support in these uncertain times.
1490	Canadian Armed Forces personnel, along with hospital staff and some education workers, were among those brought in to assist long-term care homes during the first wave of the pandemic.
1491	Canadian international goalkeeper Stephanie Labbe has left the North Carolina Courage for Sweden's FC Rosengard.
1492	Canadian Rockies Hot Springs says on their the pools will be closed until early February due to structural safety concerns in the wet hall.
1493	Can always count on the grey-2 and grey-1 folks to derp without opening the article.
1494	Cancer patients in sub-Saharan Africa are twice as likely to die as those in the United States, often due to late diagnosis and lack of access to treatment.
1495	Candiace saw that Ashley was hurting and did not want to keep re-hashing the situation, so she decided to just apologize, "for whatever pain or hurt that I caused you, and your family, I apologize.
1496	Candour meant admitting that I began my other career, writing history books, not to satisfy some burning literary ambition but in a desperate attempt to convince the gatekeepers of TV that I was worthy of their attention.
1497	“Can I get a cup of tea?”
1498	“Cannabis exhibitions are not something new in Europe and the rest of the world, due to the fact that they are taking place in many countries the last years, with a vast number of exhibitors from the scientific and commercial sector.
1499	"Can never go wrong with wine!
1500	'Can the police get their house in order and start patrolling the gangs, and leave parents to do their shopping?'
1501	Can they compete in this spot or will their losing streak extend by one more game?
1502	Cantor Fitzgerald started coverage on Arcus Biosciences in a research report on Thursday, April 2nd.
1503	Can you believe all of this money being spent?
1504	Can you speak to the importance of also, regarding representation, being a Latina?
1505	Capacitor: Thor’s already impressive pedigree is exacerbated when Capacitor turns up the lethality of his lightning-infused attacks.
1506	Capital Investment Advisory Services LLC raised its stake in shares of Cardinal Health by 2.7% during the second quarter.
1507	Caracal (Samir) at the Nashville Zoo.
1508	Cardiff fans were warned not to sing "racist or homophobic songs" as two incidents were reported during their 1-1 draw at fellow Championship side Reading.
1509	Carefully trimming his Tempest, he fired a series of short bursts and the enemy aircraft pulled up into clouds.
1510	Caregivers are also encouraged to call.
1511	Carey McWilliams was saying, in effect: Reckon with Los Angeles’s past.
1512	“Carjackings have risen the past few months because a lot of people are desperate,” she said.
1513	Carl Enger began farming in Garfield Township over 100 years ago in western Minnesota’s Lac qui Parle County.
1514	Carl was drafted into the Navy in 1944, serving as a machinist’s mate on the USS Sarasota in the Asiatic-Pacific Theater.
1515	Caroline Flack's boyfriend Lewis Burton and former employer ITV are grieving the television personality's death from apparent suicide this weekend.
1516	Car parking has been labelled the "biggest threat" to Moore Park, which a resident's group said was in a "disgraceful condition".
1517	Carr says looking at other countries, it usually takes 18 or 19 days to see the effects of a lockdown.
1518	Cars in La Crosse’s downtown pass by circumstances that are complicated.
1519	Carter, on the other hand, is well-known and has a broad base of support.
1520	Case fatality rates are about 3% in the United States and Brazil.
1521	Cash corn prices firmed across the Corn Belt yesterday as end users attempted to incentivize farmers to bring bushels to market despite low cash offerings.
1522	Cassius Corrigan, a 28-year-old filmmaker raised in Miami, successfully applied to Impact’s 2019 accelerator with his idea for a drama set in the world of mixed martial arts.
1523	Catherine is an incredibly useful unit thanks to her personal Heroes' Relic, Thunderbrand.
1524	“’Cause it could happen at any second,” he said from near Salt Lake City.
1525	CBI had registered its case on May 15, 2017, alleging irregularities in a Foreign Investment Promotion Board clearance granted to INX Media group for receiving overseas funds of Rs 305 crore in 2007 during Chidambaram’s tenure as finance minister.
1526	CBR: When you initially wrote the series and did everything, did you have a lot of input on who the artists would be that would fit the style that you had in mind?
1527	CBS4 Reporter Jeff Todd spoke to experts about the factors fueling Colorado's massive wildfires.
1528	CBS News campaign reporter Alex Tin reports Steyer was the only candidate to speak in person at the event, which struggled to book appearances after the Democratic National Committee scheduled a debate in Iowa for the day prior.
1529	CBS News White House correspondent Paula Reid joins "CBS Evening News" anchor Norah O'Donnell for an update on the president's health.
1530	CCS Cheer Coach, Alyssa Gauthier, noted she is “happy the cheerleaders were able to attend this cheer camp”, adding that, “with all of the uncertainties 2020 had given us, I knew the girls needed a boost of accomplishment.”
1531	Cedar Mountain Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Enterprise Products Partners in the 4th quarter valued at about $28,000.
1532	CeeLo also confirms the exciting rumor that Gnarls Barkley is reuniting to create new music!
1533	Cenovus also said Thursday it will ramp up spending by $1.5 billion with Indigenous businesses and reclaim 1,500 decommissioned well sites by 2030.
1534	Center-left candidate Tufan Erhurman trailed in third place with 21.68%.
1535	Certain of the statements made and information contained herein is considered “forward-looking information” within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws.
1536	Certain police departments have folded their gang units because of politics.”
1537	Chainlink (LINK) traded down 0.1% against the dollar and now trades at $13.37 or 0.00058128 BTC.
1538	Chairman, Byron Bjorseth, with his committee members for 2020: Edwin Fouche, Divan Geel, Gareth Fitzpatrick and Clinton Sweeting.
1539	Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Task Team on Traffic Control, Comrade Ikharo Attah, disclosed this Sunday, in Abuja during a media interface.
1540	Chairman of the Presidential Taskforce PTF on COVID-19 and Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Mr. Boss Mustapha announced this in Abuja during the daily briefing of the Taskforce.
1541	Challenges and disruptions early in the life of Morris Morrison made a big impact on his future.
1542	Chambers led off with a double and walks to Cade Drennan and Stark had the bases loaded for Grant, who beat out an infield hit for the first run batted in.
1543	Chambliss wrote that PUC staff has worked with Kingsburg to better its financial position, but reported that Kingsburg had not “been candid about their financial condition.”
1544	Chancellor Angela Merkel’s government introduced new measures in November to halt a rapid rise in coronavirus infections, closing restaurants, hotels, sports and cultural centres.
1545	Change in relationships, in others and in yourself, change in the world and change in the seasons.
1546	Change rooms will be open, with access allowed 15 minutes before a skate, but people are encouraged to arrive dressed to skate.
1547	Channel 4 had previously said it wanted between five to seven million viewers, and needed to attract at least three million viewers per episode to break even.
1548	Channels Television learned the sum is meant for the procurement of 12 items in various quantities for the testing of COVID-19 in the country.
1549	Chapel Hill resident Susan Hafer got the prepaid debit card in the mail and thought it was a scam.
1550	Charles paid £4.9million to his sons from his duchy income last year, of which slightly less than half is believed to have gone to Harry.
1551	CHARLEY Webb and Matthew Wolfenden pulled out all the stops for their baby son Ace's first birthday party.
1552	Charmaine studied a 27-month full-time course at the Greater Manchester School for Dental Care Professionals, based in Salford, Manchester.
1553	Chase and Marshall are both juniors.
1554	Check more details below, and we will clear your picture.
1555	Check out our hateful conduct and harassment policy to learn more”
1556	Check them out.
1557	• Check with the Centers for Disease Control and update your emergency plans based on what’s happened with the coronavirus.
1558	Chelsea have ended a run of 4 Premier League games without a win when they beat Tottenham on Saturday, and come into this game in good form.
1559	Chelsea Pearce, 29, from Halifax, West Yorkshire, died on November 27 after suffering a fatal blood clot following the birth of her son, Roman.
1560	Chelsea took the lead at Stamford Bridge through an Olivier Giroud header but Anwar El Ghazi scored his fifth goal in as many games with a header of his own to earn a point.
1561	Chevie Kehoe, whom prosecutors described as the ringleader, recruited Lee in 1995 for his white supremacist organization.
1562	CHICAGO -- We are just one week away from the Super Bowl, which means it's time to plan out your Super Bowl party plans!
1563	Chief executive Antonio Horta-Osorio said: “The coronavirus pandemic presents an unprecedented social and economic challenge which is having a significant impact on people and businesses in the UK and around the world.
1564	Chief Justice John Roberts will mark his 65th trip around the sun by presiding over the sixth day of the impeachment trial.
1565	Chief Minster Uddhav Thackeray on Saturday said that he was not in favour of complete lifting of the coronavirus-induced curbs in the state only to address the economic concerns.
1566	Chiefs defensive tackle is set to pick up the adoption fees of over 100 dogs following Kansas City’s 31-20 victory over the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl LIV.
1567	Chief Todd Peigan said the fire started off-reserve just after 1 p.m.
1568	Childcare centres will be paid 50 per cent of their normal revenue, as well as receiving the government's $1500 JobKeeper payment.
1569	“Child care is just too expensive right now — especially in Madison,” Lor said.
1570	"Children aren't able to play together.
1571	Children's isolation required when arriving from high-risk countries.
1572	Chileans vote on Sunday in a referendum on whether to replace their Pinochet-era constitution.
1573	Chile is a country used to earthquakes, but few expected the shake-up in Chilean society that we have seen this past year.
1574	China has given money to Chinese associations in Canada and is said to have used more coercive measures to extend its influence in Canada.
1575	China, Iran’s primary trading partner, has long accused the United States of exacerbating tensions over Iran’s weapons programme by pulling out of the deal.
1576	China’s Hong Kong affairs office described pro-democracy protesters as a which had to be removed.
1577	China suspects there will be backdoor protectionism – and it is almost certainly right, because for years countries around the world have needed little encouragement to resort to protectionism.
1578	Chinese money used for trade transactions was further also credited as a currency in domestic transactions all over East Asia.
1579	Chioma said during the lockdown, people were starving and nobody deemed it fit to distribute food that was actually meant for the masses.
1580	Cho'Gath's in-game immobility makes him a prime candidate for a rework, but that doesn't mean that he isn't strong.
1581	Choosing between two stark perspectives and the places where they overlap would be extremely cool and unlike anything we have experienced in previous games.
1582	Chris Bish, a real estate agent and conservative Republican running to unseat Democratic Rep. Doris Matsui, told Fox News she had planned hold a May 2 protest at the steps of the Capitol building to demand Newsom open up California’s economy.
1583	Chris Creasbaum, the father of the junior running back Max Creasbaum, said his family was considering transferring Max to a private school if Lake Central didn’t play football in the fall.
1584	Chris Cuomo Says He's Heartbroken to Announce His Wife Tested Positive for CoronavirusChris Cuomo announced that his wife Cristina Greeven Cuomo has tested positive for COVID-19.
1585	Chris Gayle inspects his weapons Photo courtesy: kxip.
1586	Chris McArthur, Sharon Stalboeger and Circle of Life Academy student Briana Roberts were instrumental in rreestablishing the school's library in White Earth.
1587	Chris O'Bryan has been in the restaurant business for a long time, but this novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic has thrown him and scores of restaurants and other small businesses a curve they've never seen before.
1588	Chrissie Faupel started her position in May.
1589	Christine Quinn admitted that she had a breast augmentation!
1590	Christmas Day will be online only.
1591	Christy Garcia-Thomas, chief external affairs officer for Advocate Aurora, said the system will announce an additional nine grant recipients over the next month.
1592	Churches were scrambling on Thursday night to begin making decisions about upcoming services only three days away.
1593	CIA whistleblower is a great example of venue shopping.
1594	Cigarroa and her husband had already received an entry request from DHS for property they owned outside of Laredo.
1595	Cincinnati expects to reopen on Wednesday.
1596	Cinemark, which operates the No. 3 exhibition circuit in the U.S., saw its shares rise 16% Friday to $13.
1597	Cineworld’s boutique brand Picturehouse started operating from the newly-constructed site when it opened in December 2018, as well as a 58-bedroom Travelodge hotel next door.
1598	Cities can be beautiful places, but I’d rarely describe them as calming ones.
1599	Cities such as Milwaukee and Wausau have run into problems with voters from other municipalities dropping off their ballots when they come into town.
1600	Citigroup raised their target price on Alphabet from $1,500.00 to $1,700.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 7th.
1601	City host Fulham on Saturday and then visit local rivals Manchester United on December 12.
1602	City officials said the twister damaged a water plant, a park and a Little League fields.
1603	Civil society is constantly dismantling the fables of the polluting fossil fuel industry.
1604	Civitas can be purchased on the following cryptocurrency exchanges: TradeOgre and CryptoBridge.
1605	Clambering into a car with the twins, a tearful Sienna said goodbye and drove off, on the run from vengeful Warren and not knowing if she could ever be safe to return to the village.
1606	Clear shields are between you and the staff.
1607	Click on the video above to hear Gifford’s fond recollections about her friend and co-worker, then hit the comments with your favorite memories of Philbin.
1608	Clifford Samuel, better known as “Sandy,” died on Oct. 13 on St. Thomas.
1609	Clinton did her best to appear like a normal human being and not a lawyer in a pantsuit.
1610	Cllr Wallace told cllr Doran that being televised could “put things into context” for the would-be viewers, while also handing councillors the power to “control their image”.
1611	“Close-contact” businesses such as beauty salons and gyms are still closed, as are entertainment venues, according to the guidelines.
1612	Close the top of the grill and let the chicken cook, skin side up, for 20 or 25 minutes.
1613	‼️ Cloth face coverings – such as a bandana, scarf or homemade cloth cover – are now recommended when leaving the house for essential activities, announced Placer County Health Officer Dr. Aimee Sisson, to further slow the spread of COVID-19.
1614	Clyburn represents the largely black precincts in and near Columbia and Charleston, and he is considered the most powerful Democrat in the state.
1615	C’mon folks (both sides).
1616	CNN lies anyway, right?
1617	CNN’s Brooke Baldwin Friday that she has tested positive for the coronavirus.
1618	Coaching decisions have been looming for years, and last year’s young roster was supposed to be ready for the limelight.
1619	Coach Kurt Haberthur said this about the win, "I was happy, really pleased with our defense Friday night.
1620	Coach Sean McVay praised Akers’ and wide receiver Van Jefferson’s recent work in practice.
1621	Coastal Carolina, picked last in the Sun Belt in the preseason, is now a victory away from winning the league’s East Division and playing West winners Louisiana-Lafayette for the conference title next month.
1622	Coastal NSW faces the possibility of a third bout of wild weather in less than a month as insurance advisers warn the risks from multiple storms are being underestimated.
1623	Colbert with the adorable (and real-life) Bennybot 9000.
1624	Coleen Rooney shows off new hairdo on salon trip with mum after Becky Vardy accused her of ‘leaking stories on herself’
1625	Colin Ma, a freelancing Search Engine Optimization specialist for Nimble Made who helps with the company’s digital marketing and technological operations, said that long before the pandemic arose, the majority of sales came from online.
1626	Colleagues can now choose their area of specialty and advance within that area; if someone is less excited by phone calls, they can focus exclusively on email, or vice-versa.
1627	Colorado abortions are legal until birth for any reason whatsoever.
1628	COLUMBIA, SC — Education officials in South Carolina have unveiled their plan for getting kids back in the classroom safely.
1629	Col. Zaw Lin said the methylfentanyl and other drugs and precursors were found in clearings near Loikan Village where several drug factories were located but had been abandoned when the raids took place.
1630	Come into Rita’s today and enjoy a Gelati!
1631	Come next week, a spin-off of QuickPlate, QuickCart, will be launched.
1632	Come on, I’m not trying to shame you.
1633	Come on, it will be just like all the times a new tax is levied to cover an emergency condition, right?
1634	Coming tomorrow: Investors will turn their attention to the official US jobs report for November, which is expected to show the weakest level of employment growth since the Covid-19 recovery started.
1635	Commenting on Tahira’s post, Ayushmann’s “Bala” heroine Yami Gautam wrote: “Ha ha ha this is so sweet.”
1636	Comments on the report may be submitted by January 15, 2021.
1637	Commercial banks will have a role in distributing the digital currency to users, and to do so they must deposit exactly the same amount of their reserves with the PBOC as the digital yuan they distribute.
1638	Commissioner and Director of Municipal Administration N. Satyanarayana and District Collector Anita Ramachandran and others participated in the programme on Friday.
1639	Commit no more than 50% of that figure to needs and fixed expenses, like your mortgage.
1640	Committee chairman Lord Evans, a former head of MI5, said: “There is an argument that perhaps the decision to investigate allegations under the ministerial code might be done independently.”
1641	Committee convener, Councillor Yvonne Allan, said: “Our officers worked tremendously hard in devising our Employee Mental Health Action Plan and the positive impacts of that have been evident for some time.
1642	Committees began to form across the region, and petitions with millions of signatures were submitted to Parliament.
1643	Common sense on election day?
1644	Communication is all about connecting your heart with the heart of another.
1645	Community members are encouraged to participate in the discussion, as well.
1646	Companies operating in these markets have taken a huge financial hit, forcing them to cut expenses and workers.
1647	Companies that were looking for visionary leaders just a few months ago are now hoping to find a new cohort of fixers.
1648	Company leaders said their first priority for any event is the health and safety of the players and staff.
1649	Competition for homes in Fairlington can be pretty intense right now.
1650	Composer Chris Ruenes livens things up, too, with a percussion-heavy score that is playful and offbeat.
1651	Compression therapy is a therapy where by it acts by increasing the blood flow especially in the lower limbs by strengthening vein support.
1652	Computer simulation of the evolution of the large-scale structure (bottom) and the temperature (top) of the Universe.
1653	Concerned about a shortage of masks for local healthcare professionals and other essential frontline workers battling the spread of COVID-19, the Southern Utah University community sprung into action.
1654	Concerning civil society, there is a disconnect between formal politics and the actions of civil society in Asia.
1655	CONE’s current payout ratio comes in at 52.6% for Q2-2020 and is a significant improvement over its payout ratio of 57% as of Q2-2019.
1656	Confederate battle flags are etched onto both sides of the base.
1657	Congress is expected to appoint a new president — the South American country’s third in a week — in a new session called for 6:00 pm.
1658	Congress may also eventually approve another round of coronavirus funding.
1659	CONSIDERED to be their grand final or pinnacle event of the year, Bankstown Golf Club (BCG) has staged its final championship round with former touring pro Grant Thomas taking the honours.
1660	“Considering all of the cumulative data to determine infection rate may artificially suppress the rate of infection and potentially hide what might be a significant spike in infections,” the letter reads.
1661	Considering the launch price, the PS5 Digital Edition is $100 cheaper than the standard PS5.
1662	Construction has been on hold since the Swiss pipe-laying company Allseas pulled out of the project under American pressure.
1663	Construction workers drive excavators at the site of a new 1,000-bed field hospital being built to accommodate the increasing number of coronavirus patients in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China.
1664	Consumers can lodge a with the Advertising Regulatory Board about advertisements that they regard as misleading.
1665	Contact your account administrator to find out how your storage space is working.
1666	Contagion and deaths are far less widespread there, but worrying signs are coming from regions such as Campania around Naples and Rome's Lazio where the health system is considered much less equipped than in the rich north.
1667	Continuing the initiative depends on the ability of On the Ground Chi to fundraise.
1668	Contracts for commissions should be set out in advance in writing under the new system, which aims to end late claims for commissions when a deal is being closed.
1669	Contrary to some perceptions, that won’t mean opportunistic grabs in oil, copper or arable land.
1670	Contrast is a good thing.
1671	Control your Smart Thermostat via the Ecobee app and use Alexa, Google Assistant and Siri voice commands to adjust the temp of your smart thermostat.
1672	Controversial on-air personality, has reacted to the now-viral news that Nollywood actor, was recently spotted begging in Isolo area of Lagos state.
1673	Convergence of data is needed to identify what is desirable and achievable.
1674	Cooper is part of a small but close-knit network of ‘childbirth rights’ advocates that is trying to change this.
1675	Co-pay and deductible amounts for the test have been waived, along with associated services such as physician visits or hospital observation.
1676	Copeny is now a representative of the United Nations Girl Up Initiative and has raised funds to purchase more than 15,000 backpacks for Flint schoolchildren.
1677	Copper in MCX trades at a premium of $40-50/tonne to the LME price, down from a premium of $150/tonne, a few weeks back.
1678	Corbin admonished Zayn for allowing New Day to talk to him like that.
1679	Core recovery was very good, with the only significant core losses occurring at the surface.
1680	Coronavirus cases continue to mount however, with the seven-day average of daily new cases Monday hitting 108,964, a 37% increase from a week ago, according to a CNBC analysis of data from Johns Hopkins University.
1681	Coronavirus, climate change, Australia fires: Here’s what you need to know.
1682	Coronavirus outbreak: Ever since the spread of the novel Coronavirus began from Wuhan in the Hubei province of China, the deadly virus has created havoc all across the world.
1683	Coronavirus tests in the Strip are showing an alarming 30% positivity rate despite the fact that only asymptomatic Gazans are tested due to a lack of tests.
1684	Corruption is also rife in the country's military.
1685	Corry Bliss, a Republican strategist, said he expects fund-raising totals for federal candidates from the first three months of the year to be down about 20 percent from what they would have been without the pandemic.
1686	Could anything like the Grand Union exist today?
1687	Couldn’t agree with you more sir.
1688	Could the Oilers have done better than bringing back Smith in net?
1689	Councillor Eric Drysdale, from Perth and Kinross Council, asked if NHS Tayside would be able to get help from other Scottish health boards should it struggle this winter.
1690	Councillor Hayes was nominated on Monday at the AGM of the district by Councillor Alan O’Callaghan and seconded by Councillor Tony O’Brien.
1691	Councillors considered an average annual rates increase of 2.8% but voted 7-6 to stick with the 3.8% average annual rate increase that was budgeted in the 2018-28 10-Year Plan.
1692	Councilors also approved funding for an independent review of the police response to the Black Lives Matter protests in early June.
1693	Counterbalancing some of this negative news on revenue are some encouraging data points on profitability.
1694	Couples that self isolate together stay together!
1695	COVAX is a global collaboration involving over 180 countries working with vaccine manufacturers to ensure equitable distribution of the vaccines once approved.
1696	COVID-19 is an incomparable global public health emergency that has affected almost every industry, so for and, the long-term effects projected to impact the industry growth during the forecast period.
1697	CPD spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said on Twitter that there was no information to suggest the calls were credible.
1698	CPJ’s Global Impunity Index spotlights countries where journalists are murdered and their killers go free.
1699	Craig meanwhile was less positive as he drawled that the dance needed ‘more rotation in the hip’ and that Jamie’s ‘free arm needs a little bit work’ and has a ‘mind of its own.’
1700	Craig, the longtime owner and principal of the Craig Toyota dealership on Clifty Drive, said Wednesday he is not seeking re-election after what will be 32 years on county council.
1701	Crawford improved to 11-2-2 against his hometown team with a 32-save effort.
1702	Crazy that we are supposedly in the world’s most advanced country and we are leading the world in infections.
1703	Crews also gave medical treatment to one man and evacuated 30 other people from a flooded caravan site in Narberth, Pembrokeshire.
1704	Cristiano Ronaldo hailed by PSG president.
1705	Croatian Health Minister Vili Beros, who chaired the meeting, said the right of free movement in the EU should be protected and insisted that members be allowed to decide on their own virus-fighting strategies because they face different situations.
1706	“Cropsey,” if you didn’t know, fits the bill of your standard early ‘80s slasher boogeyman.
1707	Crucially, applications such as these can sit above legacy software and integrate with it – offering well-established banks an opportunity to improve customer experience without overhauling their entire existing IT infrastructure at a high expense.
1708	Crude oil prices dropped, with a barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude slipping nearly 4 percent to roughly $51.
1709	“Cruise liners mostly affect port areas and the traffic is concentrated between 5am to 10am.
1710	Crypto.com Coin (CRO) traded up 1.3% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0356 or 0.00000470 BTC.
1711	CSPA was enacted to preserve “child status” for certain beneficiaries who would otherwise “age out” or turn 21 years old before they could be issued an immigrant visa, due to administrative delays in visa processing.
1712	Culver beat the Eagles handily in their opening match up January 15th by a score of 3-0 at Chabola Stadium.
1713	Cumberland has 69 deaths and 4,386 cases; Robeson has 63 deaths and 3,808 cases; Columbus has 52 deaths and 1,177 cases; Sampson has 21 deaths and 1,659 cases; and Pender has four deaths and 792 cases.
1714	Cuomo’s initial response to the final legislation was volcanic.
1715	Cupid agrees to give her one last chance to prove herself: He has found the most romantically hopeless person on earth, played by Carnes.
1716	Curl up with a good book and snuggly blanket.
1717	Currently, authorities can hit people with a NIS 200 ($58) fine for not donning a mask in public areas.
1718	Currently, holds a decent rating of 53% on Rotten Tomatoes.
1719	“Currently the city has smart parking in about 80 to 85 locations and it was felt that a similar facility has to be established in other pars.
1720	Currently there are 300 people under quarantine; 278 from New Zealand and 22 from Fiji who are quarantined separately.
1721	Custodial staffers should not have to earn higher pay to be more respected on campus.
1722	Cut each kohlrabi lengthways into eight 2½cm-wide wedges (if they are on the large side, you may need to cut them into more than eight wedges).
1723	Cut orange quarters into crosswise slices about 1/8-inch thick.
1724	Cyrus has alluded to Curtis having much more at stake than he realizes.
1725	Czechia also has quite strong academic background when it comes to AI development,” he said and added that according to their survey, 88 % of companies pay for these activities themselves.
1726	Dade had been scheduled to participate in a budget presentation by the district to members of City Council on April 24. Deputy Superintendent Lynda Quick and Chief Financial Officer Robert Franklin presented the proposed budget.
1727	Daily Guide Editorial: ‘Operation absolute sanity’
1728	Dai’s total supply is 197,819,502 tokens and its circulating supply is 197,223,677 tokens.
1729	Dakota New Now reports that starting on Wednesday (May 6), Hy-Vee plans to limit its customers to four packages of a combination of fresh beef, ground beef, pork, and chicken.
1730	Dallas, as the entire NFL knows, has arguably the worst overall defense in the league.
1731	Damascus' moves included restricting movements between provinces and halting military conscription and the call up of reserves to stem the pandemic within the ranks of the army.
1732	Dame Vera Lynn has died, aged 103. A magnificent woman who rallied our country when we most needed it.
1733	Daniel Rotman, the executive director at the Depot Community Food Centre in NDG, says the demand for emergency food baskets at his organization has been higher since the beginning of the pandemic -- but that not everyone who needs help asks for it.
1734	Danielsen was asked if they’ve been able to keep COVID out of the other school buildings.
1735	Danny Denzongpa was honoured with Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2003.
1736	Dan Patrick, host of The Dan Patrick Show, reported Monday that the Big Ten and Pac 12 will cancel their football seasons Tuesday.
1737	Dan Powers / USA TODAY NETWORK—WisconsinA woman looks at a giant mask that someone placed on The Collective, a sculpture by Paul Bobrowitz, along East College Avenue in Appleton, Wis. on April 6, 2020.
1738	Dare said: “As we speak, in another two days, 33 of the athletes – both foreign and home-based – are completing a video message to lend their voices to the awareness campaign including myself.
1739	Darren Moore, chair of the Premier League’s Black Participants’ Advisory Group, said: “This is a critical time for black, Asian and minority ethnic coaches.
1740	Dash (DASH) traded 0.2% higher against the dollar and now trades at $69.27 or 0.00757243 BTC.
1741	“Data like this ought to be destroyed, unless there is a reason for it to be retained.
1742	Data released Monday afternoon the Wisconsin Department of Health Services shows the state recorded only 404 new cases of COVID-19 in the past 24 hours, a 35-day low.
1743	Dave Winfield comes up as a four-hole hitter…he’s a giant of a man and he bunts,” said McTavish of that early ‘90s baseball that concentrated more on small ball pushing runners over than the power game of today does.
1744	David Apfel, an attorney who is representing the town specifically with the FBI and billing matters, didn’t return calls seeking comment.
1745	David Baddiel struggles to contain his anger during a dramatic confrontation with a Holocuast denier, who accuses Jewish people of 'hating Europeans', 'sacrificing Christian babies' and 'controlling the ' in a new documentary.
1746	David-Emmanuel Cohen: Across all our brands part of our portfolio we are pushing for web to retail campaigns with Facebook or Google, but I believe that this is not enough.
1747	David Entwistle, the president and CEO of Stanford Health Care, addressed workers at the protest Friday and took responsibility, according to the San Francisco Chronicle.
1748	David Roddy had 17 points for the Rams (9-7, 0-3), Isaiah Stevens and Nico Carvacho had 13 points apiece with Carvacho grabbing.
1749	Davidson took on the role in 2018, five years after News Corp acquired the Irish-founded Storyful for €18 million.
1750	David Vaile, head of the Australian Privacy Foundation, says there are special risks with installing “plug and go” home surveillance cameras, which stream live video and upload footage to the cloud.
1751	Davina McCall has a new vocation.
1752	Davis, who first took office in 2013, has tried to portray himself as someone who can work with Democrats, touting his efforts on farm bills and transportation projects.
1753	Dawna Numbers lost her job and has tried hundreds of times to get through to unemployment, meanwhile she’s lost her place to live, and can’t afford to care for her chihuahua’s serious illness.
1754	Dawn's psychopathy traces back to her childhood, when her parents refused to buy her cha-cha heels for Christmas one year.
1755	Daylight Savings Time is generally attributed to an Edwardian builder named William Willett, who wrote a pamphlet in 1907 entitled The Waste of Daylight.
1756	Days writers just make it up as they go along.
1757	DC’s Ajinkya Rahane too could move.
1758	DC’s Legends of Tomorrow on The CW averaged a 0.29 rating in the 18-49 demographic and 948,000 viewers.
1759	DEADLINE: Can you describe the take you pitched early on, in terms of a sound for the series?
1760	Dear Abby: Why did parent keep kicking me out, then begging me to return?
1761	Deaths from diabetes, lung cancer, colon cancer and liver cancer are stagnating or rising in many countries.
1762	Deaths reported in Minnesota from COVID-19 reached 1,851 on Saturday, with an additional four deaths, according to the Minnesota Department of Health.
1763	De Blasio also demanded on Tuesday that the federal government require people traveling by plane be tested for COVID-19 prior to setting foot on their flights.
1764	Decades before he ran for president, Mr. Sanders criticized television commercials for “Hitlerian” attention-grabbing tactics.
1765	Decent and abundant jobs for young people and women.
1766	Dedham Savings Bank has promoted Charles Toczylowski to vice president and Marcella Musto to assistant vice president.
1767	Deep breathing and mindfulness are can be effective strategies for coping with anxiety.
1768	Dee, who already has a red skull, declines.
1769	Defence agent Stuart Flowerdew said his client had not deliberately made contact with the cyclist’s leg.
1770	Defenceless Daniel Ezzedine - then aged 17 - was then kicked full force in the head as he lay motionless on the ground, causing “his body to recoil”, Canterbury Crown Court heard.
1771	Defending the EC’s decision to use the voting machine at all polling centres in the DNCC and DSCC polls, the CEC said there were allegations in the past that votes were rigged, and cast ballots were thrown into ponds, even burnt.
1772	Definitely looking forward to seeing how they shape up,” he said.
1773	Deglaze the pan: Add the butter and let it melt, swirling the pan and stirring as it melts to deglaze the pan.
1774	Del Guidice: Recently, the director of Customs and Border Protection, Mark Morgan, he had mentioned that a hundred miles, I think, of border wall has been now set along the U.S.-Mexico border.
1775	Delhi is ranked first among 19 metropolitan cities in India in recording the highest number of crimes against women, according to data released by the National Crime Records Bureau.
1776	DelhiтАЩs plasma bank: WhatтАЩs the aim, how effective has the therapy been so far?
1777	Delman Orme, recovering from a head injury suffered in Kuwait.
1778	Delta Financial Advisors LLC grew its holdings in shares of (NASDAQ:AMZN) by 2.2% in the 3rd quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
1779	DeMartino styled her straight red hair down with a middle part and kept her nails short for the occasion.
1780	Democratic strategist David Axelrod said the structured broadcast could prove more engaging than the lengthy speeches that usually dominate such conventions.
1781	Democrat John Hickenlooper has defeated Republican Sen. Cory Gardner in Colorado.
1782	Democrats kept control of the House in this year's election but their majority shrank and it was moderate members of the party who lost.
1783	Demonstrating a willingness to aid self-professed sex traffickers whose prostitutes supposedly were in their early teens.
1784	Denise M. Johnson, 46, Nebo, was arrested Oct. 17 at 11:30 a.m. on a felony charge of deceptive practices.
1785	Denser settlement patterns yield energy savings; apartment buildings, for example, are more efficient to heat and cool than detached suburban houses.”
1786	Denver is full of great food and restaurants.
1787	DENVER (Oct. 29, 2020) - The end of Daylight Saving Time brings with it much more than just an extra hour of sleep this coming Sunday.
1788	“Depending on the mix, usually in a Republican primary the most conservative candidate wins.
1789	Depending on what your business is, depends on what your audience will be interested in. But find ways to bolster your content and get your audience engaged.
1790	“Depositions don’t happen on the floor of the Senate and don’t get live coverage, so it is less stressful for the witness,” Stewart, a lawyer who defended impeached federal Judge Walter Nixon, told The Daily Signal.
1791	“Depositors had withdrawn their deposits from banks at the start of the crisis and kept them at home.
1792	Deputies searched for the suspects but did not locate them.
1793	Deputy Commissioner of Police (West) Sanjeev M Patil informed that no casualties have been reported so far.
1794	Derek was soon after charged for third degree murder and manslaughter.
1795	Described as a civil rights legend, the long-time Congressman died battling cancer.
1796	Description: On the platform in the middle of the two ramps.
1797	Design concept of new twin-pad arena by Franco Pastore, principal architect and designer, IDEA Inc.
1798	Designs by himikalas (Pam Baker) are shown on the 2017 Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week runway.
1799	Desperately Seeking the Exit: Online Live Peter Michael Marino dissects the failure of his 2007 West End jukebox musical, Desperately Seeking Susan, an adaptation of the Madonna movie that used the songs of Blondie.
1800	Desperate, the government hired a man named Bjorn Eirik Olsen to find a place to export them.
1801	Despite being a hugely successful businessman himself, there are other entrepreneurs that Hargreaves admires greatly.
1802	Despite being one of the most recognisable figures in British sport for over 25 years and becoming the greatest snooker player of all time, the Rocket has never made it onto the shortlist for the BBC award.
1803	Despite Berkeley being one of the most liberal cities in the country, the unfortunate post from the Tang Center proclaiming “xenophobia” as a “normal reaction” brought the reality of the widespread against Asian Americans directly to my community.
1804	Despite dialogues at several levels, there has not been any breakthrough and the deadlock continues.
1805	Despite her impressive fighting style, Nejire is a kind, compassionate, and an endlessly curious person whose free spirit doesn't prevent her from speaking her mind.
1806	Despite my mom's protests, my dad spread a large helping of it on a and fluff sandwich to open my eyes into a new world, and things really haven't been the same since.
1807	“Despite our differences, most of us are unified by one thing: we passionately want to protect the country we love – not just for ourselves, but for future generations too.
1808	Despite progress in May and June, the pace of orders remains well below the prerecessionary pace.
1809	Despite recent rainfall over the past weeks, the 700 hectare body of water is still well below sustainable capacity, and currently sits at just 26.4%.
1810	Despite requiring some patience in those early episodes, will hook you around the halfway mark, and it's worth sticking around that long (what comes before is still undeniably entertaining, just a tad confusing).
1811	Despite the doctor’s reassurance, the routine procedure soon descended into mayhem.
1812	Despite the hours he spends on Twitter, he hasn’t been cancelled himself yet, or been subjected to any especially violent pile-ons.
1813	Despite the opposition, the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control granted Google’s request, triggering a backlash from some residents.
1814	Despite these changes, the parade will still feature its trademark giant balloons.
1815	• Despite the significant increase in loan loss provision, return on average assets remained strong at 1.15% for both the second quarter and the six month period.
1816	Despite upholding New Zealand's rejection and deportation order, the UN committee observed that environmental degradation, climate change and unsustainable development constituted some of the most pressing and serious threats to human rights.
1817	Details about those resources including e-books, e-magazines, databases and video services are also available on the library website.
1818	Details of national symbols will be fixed by law.
1819	Details to be provided soon.
1820	Detectives charge 32-year-old man with manslaughter after.
1821	Detectives recovered the white Toyota Corolla that was used to drop off the ransom in Prashad Nagar.
1822	Devonte Bandoo added 16 points for the Bears (15-1, 5-0 Big 12), who trailed by 10 with 12 minutes left.
1823	Dexter puts his phone down and goes out into his little backyard and stands in the middle of his scraggly lawn.
1824	Dharmesh Sheth discusses the latest surrounding the possibility of Jadon Sancho moving to Old Trafford, as Manchester Utd believe negotiations are not yet over.
1825	Diagnostic radiology has opened up screening exams such as LDCT lung cancer screening, screening mammograms, and non-emergency diagnostics like x-rays, CTs, MRIs, ultrasound and nuclear medicine exams.
1826	Dialog Semiconductor Plc develops and distributes highly integrated, mixed signal integrated circuits (ICs) for personal, portable, hand-held devices, low energy short-range wireless, LED solid-state lighting, and automotive applications worldwide.
1827	Diaz de Leon hosted just one dinner at his house before being serendipitously tapped by Cooke to participate in the Advocacy Kitchen series.
1828	Did Giannina’s Mom Confirm Love is Blind's Gigi & Damian Are Still Together?
1829	Did his performance shake things up enough to stop his supporters from continuing to drift away?
1830	D) “I didn’t intend on all this destruction.
1831	Didn’t Frank have a great collection of names?
1832	Did Trump scare Americans into caring about climate change?
1833	Did you know that 311 is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year?
1834	Did you know that eight common foods are powerhouses when it comes to providing essential nutrients for your baby’s growth and development?
1835	Did you know there are more stars in the universe than grains of sand on the whole planet?
1836	Did your models capture that or not?
1837	“Did you see the ravens’ nest?”
1838	Diego Sanchez was also a winner by DQ against Michel Pereira.
1839	Dier said that there were also conflicting rules that “make no sense” with respect to how referees view handball offences.
1840	Dinner; fried and baked fish; crab cake; shrimp; includes french fries or macaroni and cheese, coleslaw, drink (coffee, hot tea, iced tea, punch) and choice of dessert.
1841	Dio in his MTV-era prime tempted them, of course, but then wouldn’t it be strange to watch him perform alongside band members who were roughed up by the ensuing years like the rest of us?
1842	Director Colin Read has made a music video that all other directors should study.
1843	Director Mike Flanagan triumphs in this excellent adaptation of Stephen King’s 1992 novel of the same name.
1844	Director of Public Safety Dawn Emrich did not indicate that the decision arose from the Jan.
1845	Director William Tabone, who has chased ghosts from Aussie homes for over 30 years, says he received many reports from people reporting strange happenings at home since the first lockdown.
1846	Discarded beer bottles Rebekka has encountered whilst out walking her dog, Cooper in recent weeks.
1847	DISCLAIMER: If you thought this piece of news was real, you don't know what day it is.
1848	Disclosure: The author of this article has trained at this gym.
1849	DISH Network Corporation is a connectivity company.
1850	Disloyalty is in the eye of the beholder.
1851	Disney reported a 3 percent decline in attendance after last year’s change.
1852	Disney World theme parks were closed for four months due to the coronavirus outbreak before reopening on July 9. Unlike the Florida properties, Disneyland in California remains closed until further notice.
1853	Displaying normal signs of an active drowning, the swimmer attempted to climb on top of Zitnik saying, “I can’t swim.
1854	Distributed by APO Group on behalf of African Energy Chamber.
1855	Do a thorough research about the sector and the business you are getting into.
1856	Doctors are prescribing hydroxychloroquine for themselves and family members, Erin Fox, director of the drug information service at University of Utah Health Care.
1857	Doctors are worried about becoming vectors of the virus and transmitting it to patients, getting sick themselves or, perhaps worst of all, passing it on to their own loved ones, Buchman said.
1858	Doctors at AIIMS are currently providing tele-consultancy services to all patients undergoing treatment at the hospital in an effort to reduce the need for them to visit the facility during the lockdown.
1859	Documentary Film Festival – which sees her conversing with A.I. during her stay at a Polish Antarctic station – will come back to the topic of artificial intelligence in “Brand New World.”
1860	Does anyone but me not know that they only arrest when situations escalate?
1861	Does Cerrone’s style favour McGregor?
1862	Does Kate Middleton have celebrity friends like Meghan Markle?
1863	Does that makes sense?
1864	Does this government have any type of long term plan in place or are we just winging it.
1865	Do Home Security Cameras Need Wi-Fi?
1866	Doing so would make a vigorous NATO counter-attack more likely.
1867	Doing this has been controversial, but recent studies are supporting this technique.
1868	Doing this involves building accommodation, providing food, collecting resources, and most importantly listening to your passengers as they tell you about their lives and needs.
1869	Dolan said plans for the renovation are still under review, with several options still being explored.
1870	Dolbec is headed to Commander, Task Force 69 (CTF 69), Naples, Italy.
1871	Dominique Burgeon, director of the FAO's Emergency and Rehabilitation Division, told DW that there is an appeal out for $76 million (€70 million), but so far the organization has received only $30 million.
1872	Domino's integrated original footage of Norm from the TV show into the current-day scene.
1873	Donald is part of a team that is 7-3 and in first place in the NFC West.
1874	“Donald Trump is right.
1875	Donald Trump's attack on election integrity cries for Republican come-to-Goldwater momentOur View: It's time for GOP elders to truly put America first and stand up for the nation's democratic processes.
1876	“Donating 10 percent of your income is a lot.
1877	Donation acceptance will conclude on Friday, December 18th.
1878	Donations can be made at the Staples Chatham location or online upon checkout.
1879	Donkeys fitted with a cart help women fetch water (SDG 6, clean water and sanitation) from boreholes, ponds, streams, and rivers.
1880	• Do not leave your home except to get medical care.
1881	Donovan Shangase and Jonathan Harris led the Cougars (5-2) with 11 points apiece as they pulled away with an impressive 56-39 win.
1882	Don’t allow rejection to stop you from doing what you truly feel.
1883	Don’t be ignorant, neither silent.
1884	Don't ever let the haters write your story for you," the person said.
1885	Don’t forget smallmouth bass.
1886	Don’t forget the investors.
1887	Don’t forget to add pollinator-friendly flowers to ensure vegetables are properly pollinated, and you’ll have a great start on the modern victory garden.
1888	Don’t forget to motivate them to brush before bedtime in that case.
1889	Don’t Know What To Sew With Your Material?
1890	Don’t let the magnitude of the goal keep you from reaching it.
1891	Don’t miss this all–new tale from the dangerous, deep–cover days of the Black Widow!
1892	Dontnod’s Parisian team, on the other hand, is hard at work on Twin Mirror, which is set to launch this December.
1893	Don’t skip the lectures, even those you think you already know.
1894	Don't spend money on this stuff.
1895	Don’t stress too much about most specs.
1896	Doorley addressed that charge in her comments to reporters.
1897	Do we not realise that the cost of patrolling the streets to enforce the order could be better used by the government to pay for urgent medical supplies?
1898	Do what you want to the police department.
1899	Do you approve of this kind of irresponsibile behavior during a crisis or are your values only on paper?
1900	Do you believe in Richard Dawkins?
1901	Do you think that when we look back on this period, it will have been a launching pad for the US economy, or are we just going to muddle through it?
1902	Drake has simple advice for those who actually care about justice for Taylor — and it goes right back to the beginning of the conversation: “Share Breonna’s story.
1903	Drake's genre-bending has seen him assume different identities both on and off wax.
1904	Dr. Amish Patel, Chief Dental Officer, a dental practitioner since 2006, has created a name for himself by running his practices with a patient-centric mindset, which is shared by Mr. Rana.
1905	Dr Amit Patel video called his wife in Sainsbury's on Wednesday.
1906	Dr. Angela Hewlett: So we have seen patients improve.
1907	Drawn largely from the Bunt, Jain and Brahmin communities, they pump in money, organising skills and pride into 18 kambalas held from November to March in the villages of Tulu Nadu, a region that includes coastal Karnataka and this corner of Kerala.
1908	Dr. B. Janaradhan Reddy, I.A.S Secretary-Education Dept. Govt of Telangana was the Chief Guest.
1909	Dr. Espinoza said that some Liolaemus species likely made use of more than one mechanism, depending on the conditions.
1910	“Dressing Oliver up also was making memories for my grandkids.
1911	Dr Gondarra says he wants to see a way that Indigenous people can make a treaty with the government but believes many of the obstacles are seated in the Land Rights Act and that only people from certain parts of country can be recognised on that country.
1912	“Dr Goswami had isolated himself in his home since he developed symptoms of Covid-19 on June 21. After symptoms subsided, being a doctor, he thought it was proper to get himself tested.
1913	Dr. Ian Birkett, Little Rock, to the State Crime Laboratory Board.
1914	"Drill hole 20TK0273 intersected 8.39 meters (27.53 feet) of high-grade massive sulphide mineralization starting at 414.73 meters as shown in Figures 1 and 2 (assays pending).
1915	Drip a small amount of water and a little detergent onto a small, unseen portion of your garment, then rub a cotton swab across the area.
1916	Drivers are reminded to obey construction zone speed limits and the direction of traffic control personnel.
1917	Dr. Kalpana Baliwant, assistant health officer at PMC, said as per the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the man’s body was placed in a leak-proof plastic body bag and wrapped with a sheet provided by family members.
1918	Dr. Madgy Younes, Cerebra’s scientific founder, developed the original Winnipeg Ventilator.
1919	Dr. Maura Rossman said the student was not an exposure risk to children or staff at the school.
1920	Dr. Michael Patterson, Nunavut's chief medical officer of health, says he will not disclose the personal information of a medical traveller who tested positive for COVID-19.
1921	Dr. Mike Ryan, executive director of the World Health Organization (WHO) Health Emergencies Program, said the concept of herd immunity was a "dangerous calculation."
1922	Drones and counter-drone systems may be used to assist in security.
1923	Drop into the Argyllshire Advertiser office in Lochgilphead and pick up a ‘Save Knapdale Ward’ sticker to show your support.
1924	Drosten spoke at the 2019 CDU congress on global health, and according to Fuellmich, when it came time to decide on a response for COVID-19, the German government relied on the opinion of Drosten alone.
1925	Dr. Tarnongo disclosed that the ex-TSB helmsman also produced his portraits and compelled school principals in the 23 local government areas to buy at exhorbitant rates.
1926	Dubai already has 2 Lubavitcher shluchim there, not one.
1927	Due to pandemic precautions, students and faculty were socially distanced during the protest, and masks branded with Black Lives Matter logos were distributed to those involved in the protest.
1928	Due to the increasing number of outbreaks within meat processing plants, the NCDHHS will be posting the facility name, the county, the number of cases and the number of deaths associated with each meat processing facility on its website, at ncdhhs.
1929	Duke has cruised over the last week, notching big wins over Boston College and Miami by an average of 36 points.
1930	Dulos was taken into custody by Connecticut State Police at his home after 11 a.m.
1931	Dunkin’ said Wednesday it is suspending advertising on Facebook and Instagram.
1932	Dupuis appealed to retired nurses and those on leave to volunteer to be trained to answer the 811 Info-Santé medical hotline.
1933	Durham County Council wants to encourage people to travel on foot and by bike during the coronavirus restrictions and into recovery.
1934	During a physical confrontation between activists of the Georgian Dream and United National Movement parties in Marneuli on September 29, Giorgi Mumladze, an observer from the local non-governmental organization “Civil Platform 20/20”, was also attacked.
1935	During Shmuel Shulman’s interrogation on March 20, he too was asked how long he had known Mendel Schneerson and what he knew about him.
1936	During some downtime from beekeeping, the Boltons have had the chance to enjoy successful fishing.
1937	During stressful times, knitting can bring calm and a sense of connection to the past and to family members far away.
1938	During that period they allowed a South African man, vouched to them by a longstanding work friend of Metcalfe, to live in their home in the suburb of Parklands.
1939	During the 1970s, he worked for the Office of the Solicitor General.
1940	During the British period M.V. Portman had visited it, followed by few anthrolpologists of the AnSI after independence in 1967 and then it is this American (Chau).
1941	During the down time, they both noticed how most folks were eating at home.
1942	During the first allocation of funding, six Prince George agencies received funds to enhance service provision in areas including food security, mental health support, neighbourhood cleanup, and drop-in support.
1943	During the inaugural ceremony, Dr Jaishankar said that the medium of cinema has the potential to build collaboration and partnerships between India and the world.
1944	During the joint consultations, the EEC deputy foreign ministers declared support to the initiative of the Cuban side.
1945	During the last seven days, CryptalDash has traded 0.5% higher against the dollar.
1946	During the Level 4, Mr and Mrs Grave had spent their time gardening, cooking, reading and going for walks.
1947	During the meeting in which the commission announced the brood count was ending, there was no discussion on the Iowa State project.
1948	During the minute delay, fans will be encouraged to consider the positive impact that just 60 seconds can have on their own wellbeing or in supporting a friend or family member.
1949	During the month-long investigation, several other channels came under police radar.
1950	During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.11 EPS.
1951	During the same period last year, the business posted $0.97 EPS.
1952	During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.43 earnings per share.
1953	During these rather chaotic times, however, something familiar that’s at the same time still quick, convenient, and painless to prepare could actually give it the edge it needs to widen the gap between rival Soylent.
1954	During the stop, Deputy Keith developed probable cause to believe there was illegal narcotics in vehicle.
1955	During the Victorian era that rifle was the Martini-Henry.
1956	During this event, KSU students are encouraged to participate to raise money for Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta.
1957	“During this time of crisis, federal funding that helps prepare people for new jobs and enables them to earn a living and support their families will help restore economic opportunity in our region.”
1958	During Thursday's announcement, Jason Kenney did announce formal limits on gatherings in specific areas of the province and they did include a prohibition on social gatherings inside homes.
1959	During training, the staff is being guided on using precautionary kits and how to manage the patients.
1960	Dust rising in the air.
1961	Dutch giants Ajax have reached an agreement with Chelsea for the transfer of Moroccan star Hakim Ziyech.
1962	“DWR will be able to continue managing the state’s wildlife populations and enforcement of applicable wildlife laws regardless of whether Amendment E passes,” Jolley said.
1963	Dymphna van der Lans, CEO of the U.N.-backed nonprofit Clean Cooking Alliance, said while that sum seemed large, the cost of inaction would be 16 times greater over the decade.
1964	DZ Bank reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Bayer in a report on Thursday, March 5th.
1965	Each and every one of us on the NFF Board is in absolute grief because he was a loyal soldier of Nigeria Football and was a leading member of our intellectual wing.
1966	Each artwork is as unique and rich as the subjects they portray,” Luna said in a statement.
1967	Each eye sees I am afraid.
1968	Each house in Game of Thrones has their own sigil: the Starks have the direwolf, the Lannisters have the lion, and the Greyjoys have the kraken.
1969	Each move will have an amount of Armorite Ore to learn a new move.
1970	Each of the bills, which are not substantially different, were approved by the unicameral parliament Feb. 20.
1971	Each of the first five games of the series averaged fewer viewers than any World Series game on record before this year.
1972	Each one takes about two hours to complete.
1973	Each participant would be asked to choose a word that they associate with each section, and at the end of the tour, they would combine all the words into a story or short paragraph that may be shared on social media.
1974	Each session begins with Dr. Bear lighting a small piece of sage and wafting the smoke over her face, arms and hair in a smudge, or “spiritual cleansing.”
1975	Earlier, before entering the Oval Office for that meeting, Trump told reporters outside the West Wing that he had not seen the manuscript.
1976	Earlier in an interview with the GNA, Professor William Ampofo, the Head of Virology Department, NMIMR, urged Ghanaians to remain calm as the authorities were putting in efforts to prevent the spread of any outbreak.
1977	Earlier in July, at least four people were injured when a fire broke out in a chemical plant in Visakhapatnam leading to a massive explosion.
1978	Earlier that same day, the former South Bend, Indiana, mayor also hit Sanders for his Castro comments in a statement on Twitter, which also included a criticism of President Donald Trump's foreign policy.
1979	Earlier this month, she spoke to Park City High School students, and last month, she visited Temple Har Shalom.
1980	Earlier this month, the results of the phase-three study of vosoritide, the drug Samuel takes, were published in the medical journal the Lancet (the previous phase established that it was safe).
1981	Earlier this week, Progressive Conservative MHA Jeff Dwyer, whose district of Placentia West-Belluvue includes parts of the Burin Peninsula, hinted some workers were fired after the privacy breach.
1982	Earlier this week, the couple made public a strongly worded letter they had written to several British tabloid newspaper stating they would no longer co-operate with the publications because of what they called “distorted, false or invasive” stories.
1983	Early crop estimates confirm a good crop in the field along with increased acreage for the 2020 grinding season."
1984	Early in his presidency, he tweeted about nine times a day.
1985	Early on, Iowa looked sharp.
1986	Early voting and absentee ballots set records this year and so I’m sure many voters were already done today, as I was.
1987	Early voting in Taylor County is continuing at a record pace, with nearly 30% of the county’s registered voters having already voted by press time Thursday — with 12 days remaining until the Nov. 3 general election.
1988	Earnest Partners LLC bought a new position in Zoom Video Communications in the third quarter worth approximately $38,000.
1989	EC3 took to social media to address being released from his WWE deal earlier this week.
1990	ECC (ECC) traded up 2.5% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0001 or 0.00000001 BTC.
1991	Economic shockwaves from the pandemic have already hit these countries hard.
1992	Economists at Morgan Stanley put the number at around $2.5 trillion in 2020 alone, rising to as much as $3 trillion for the entirety of the bond-buying program.”
1993	Economists have said shrinking labor forces across the country could reflect early retirements, which tend to increase when the number of people unemployed rises.
1994	Eddie Johnson in 2018, when Johnson participated in a peaceful protest with Rev. Michael Pfleger that shut down the Dan Ryan Expressway.
1995	Editorial page editor D’Val Westphal tackles commuter issues for the metro area on Mondays.
1996	Education in Ghana is like going for a driving license.
1997	Edward Slovik never should have been in the US Army, but there he was.
1998	Efron, who is Michael Klahr Jewish Family Services director, had not thought about diaper need before talking with a pregnant woman at the food pantry.
1999	Egypt signed a peace treaty in 1979, and Jordan followed suit in 1994.
2000	Ehmke doesn't see this happening because of world currency values compared to a strong U.S. dollar.
